Mike and Jane's Roleplaying Pee

Author: UrineLover1

*006*2023-02-12 20:02

This next chapter I wrote for Valentine's Day. Enjoy!

Jane sat on the couch, her leg bouncing and her toe tapping. Jane already really had to make liquid. This was going to be the best role playing experience yet! Jane could hardly wait! A Valentine’s role playing experience was just what Mike and Jane needed to kick off this holiday all about love. Jane stared at the framed photo of Mike they had set out on the kitchen counter for the game. Jane couldn’t help but stare at the photo and feel her sexual organs perk up already.

“Well, how do I look?” Mike appeared. He wore plastic angel wings and a diaper around his waist. On his back was a quiver filled with arrows fletchings in the shape of hearts. In his hand he held a bow.

“Wow,” Jane’s jaw dropped upon seeing her half naked husband dressed as an angel of love. “Let’s just say, seeing you like that made my clit skip a beat.”

Mike snickered. Mike raised his bow and said, “Let’s do this.”

Jane stared into the distance. She imagined she was sitting on a bench at the park. Pink leaves fluttered down, covering the ground in spots. Down the hill was a handsome man playing ball with his friends. (In reality, this was the framed photo of Mike).

Jane squeezed her legs into a knot and sighed.

“What is wrong, Jane,” Jane’s cherup hovered above her shoulder. Cherub had been assigned by Cupid to work for Jane and help her find true love for the holiday.

“It’s Mike,” Jane said dreamily, staring at her imaginary husband. “I love him but I am too scared to talk to him.”

“Know what you need? An energy boost,” Cherub handed Jane a tall glass of chocolate. “Try this here, chocolate shake. It’ll help the nerves.”

Jane wasn’t sure. She loved chocolate. But she had to pee super bad for the past few hours. She was skeptical about adding more fluids to her body. But she also wanted to be able to talk to Mike before the day was out. Cherub had never steered her wrong before. Jane held her head back and began gulping down the chocolate shake. In three seconds flat, the chocolate sludge was gone. Jane wiped the back of her mouth. A sudden pang from her pelvis instantly told Jane that was a bad idea. But too late now. The chocolate was probably already on its way to her kidneys.

Gripping herself and rocking back and forth, Jane felt more nervous than ever. What Was she supposed to do? She couldn’t just walk up to Mike looking like this! What if she peed herself in front of him? Oh, she would be so embarrassed her soul would burn right out of her body.

“I know you are scared,” Cherub said, observing the desperate movements of his charge. “But you can do this.” Cherub withdrew an arrow from his quiver and notched it in his bow. Cherup aimed at Mike and said aloud, “You have me and my love magic. All you have to do is stand directly in front of your boy toy, and I’ll do the rest, okay? Promise!”

Jane wanted to protest. Yes, she was scared. Very scared! But that’s not what had her squirming like a twitchy dog. Jane wanted to ask her cherub to let her empty herself first. But Jane didn’t think there were any porta potties in this park. What was a girl to do? Her biggest crush was right there. Her cherub was ready to fire. All the while her bladder swelled out so far, it sent urgent signals to her brain every millisecond. Jane felt as if her bladder had filled so much, it stretched out like a clump of silly putty. Waves of liquid sloshed around, making the inside of Jane’s bladder blaze red hot like a fiery inferno on the sun. The urine inside bubbled and her bladder walls pulsated.

Jane could nearly see her bladder bulge through her lovely pink shirt. She could not walk up to Mike with her pregnant belly! It would be too humiliating! Why had Jane procrastinated on a restroom visit? Why had she drank that shake?

“Jane?’ Cherub asked, concerned.

“I… Is there a bathroom nearby?” Jane’s voice was quiet. Despite how far away he was, Jane was worried Mike might hear her. She could not let that cute guy know how badly she needed to pee. Jane didn’t want Mike to know she peed at all!

“Sorry, Jane, I don’t think so,” Cherub said.

Normally, Jane might just find a secluded spot in the park and pop a squat. But with her love so close by, it was far too risky! Jane wouldn’t even bother to attempt it. Still, Jane could feel imaginary action lines around her bladder, the type of lines to indicate something moving outwards. Jane felt her pussy ready to burst like a whale’s blowhole.

But Jane had to do this. She had to talk to Mike and make him love her. And if there was no bathroom around, she would have to keep holding anyway. So mind as well.

Jane took a deep breath and ever so slowly stood up, hoping little movement would be beneficial to her bladder. Instead, Jane felt all the pressure shoot down to her vulva, making her cross her legs and grab herself. Jane recomposed herself through many deep breaths and went forward, her cherub flapping behind her.

Jane could feel with every step, her internal piss pond kept pushing down on the sphincter. Jane clenched and gulped as she made her way up to Mike.

“H… Hey, Mike,” Jane’s voice trembled. Jane was forced to cross her legs in front of her. How she desired to hold her vagina! She refused the urge.

“Oh, hey, Jane,” Mike said.

Jane felt her heart beat as fast as her bladder. Sweat trickled down Jane’s face. But whether it was from nerves or the stress of holding back so much water, Jane was unsure.

“Everything okay?” Mike asked, eyeing Jane’s movements.

“Uh, yeah…” Jane felt herself go bright red. “I… Um… I just…”

Out of nowhere, an arrow cut through the skies and landed on Mike’s back. Mike’s eyes twitched open and closed like he was hit over the head with a frying pan.

Mike’s eyes finally settled on open and Mike looked Jane up and down.

“Jane?” Mike gasped. “I… I… I love you…”

Jane had no idea how to react. How she longed to hear those words! But right now, her entire body longed for a bathroom even more. Jane felt the heat of her bladder rise even higher than the core of the sun. She could no longer take it.

“Great, gotta go,” Jane turned and fled with her hands between her thighs.

“Wait,” Mike reached out to grab her, but she was gone.

Jane ran and ran. Bathroom, bathroom, bathroom, her mind yelled. Jane dashed behind a tree so she could do a desperate potty dance. Even if she couldn’t relieve herself, it felt good to dance. Jane held herself and wiggled and squirmed to her heart’s content. What could she do? There was no bathroom in sight and

Jane just made a fool of herself in front of her love.

Cherub appeared in the air beside Jane’s ear. “Jane?” Cherub asked. “I thought you would be happy that Mike has such strong feelings for you now.”

“Of course, I am,” Jane grunted.

“Then why did you..”

“Don’t you get it, Cherub… I have to piss…” Jane fell to the ground in pain and defeat. She held her jeans, waiting and dreading the moment her bladder would no longer comply with her wishes.

“Oh,” Cherub’s face switched to understanding as he paid closer attention to the mortal woman’s frantic body language. Cherub - knowing his charge didn’t have much time left before the inevitable happened - racked his brain for a solution. He then quickly realized… He was wearing one!

Cherub peaked behind the tree to make sure no one was looking. Thank the gods the park was nearly empty today. Apparently, people had more important things to do on Valentine’s Day than go to a park.

Cherub then set down his bow and began to unfasten his diaper.

Looking up, Jane’s eyes grew with disgust. “What are you doing?” Jane cried, appalled by her cherub’s actions.

“Getting you some relief,” Cherub hovered above Jane, his tiny penis dangling in the air. The Cherub offered his diaper down to his larger friend.

Jane doubted her elephant stretched bladder could fit into that tiny cherub diaper. But she was out of options. Jane threw her jeans open and ripped them and her pink panties down to her ankles. Jane stood and snatched the diaper from her cherub just as the dam burst. Jane barely had time to press the soft cotton diaper to her cooch before a torrent of yellow soaked the fabric a nice yellow. Jane finished attaching the diaper to her waist as she properly drained away her pain into the fluffy didee.

The front of the diaper grew a quick shade of yellow. The entire diaper began to droop and sag as it filled and filled with a lake of boiling hot piss. The urine stream hurt coming out of Jane. Her bladder was so full, it felt like she was pissing fire. But aside from that, it was relieving! Jane felt herself salivate as she gushed liquid from her overfilled bladder into the diaper. Jane disposed of all the chocolate shake she just drank. Her insides began to cool down, but her vulva began to heat up as it ended up completely underwater in a sea of pee. The diaper looked ready to explode. The fabric stitching was stretched to its limit. But Jane honestly didn’t care if the thing burst all over her. This was the most glorious feeling she had ever felt before.

Jane’s pee hissed with as much force as a spring as she gushed every last drop into the cotton diaper. The urine didn’t even have time to soak into the diaper before Jane added even more to it. Jane was afraid to even sit down for fear of the diaper rupturing. Relief sure was heavenly! Jane found her true valentine… A nice empty urinary bladder!

“Jane,” a voice called.

Cherub quickly turned invisible, knowing no one could see him except for Jane.

Jane’s relief turned to panic. Without any further warning, Mike appeared around the tree trunk and his footsteps stopped in place as he watched his love gush her bladder away into a tiny diaper intended for cherubs.

“J… Jane?” Mike managed.

“M… Mike?” Jane gasped.

The couple just stared at one another, neither one daring to say or do anything. After three minutes of solid stream, Jane felt her pee hole squirt a few final times and her seemingly endless urination was at an end.

“Jane… You… Wear diapers?” Mike asked.

“N… No…” Jane managed. “N… Not usually… Just… I…” And Jane broke into tears. She was so embarrassed and relieved and miserable and scared and in love all at the exact same time. “I… I had to pee so bad… It hurt… I just… I…”

“Hey, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh,” Mike soothed, holding Jane in his arms as she sobbed. “I don’t know how you got the diaper,” Mike stroked Jane’s soft oily hair.

“But I don’t mind. In fact, I think it’s kinda hot.”

“Y… You do?” Jane pulled away, tears turning her eyes into a pond.

“I do,” Mike began to feel the bulb hanging down from Jane’s diaper. “It feels so soft and squishy,” Mike lightly squeezed the yellowed down part of the diaper between his fingers. “Bet that pee felt good.”

“You have no idea!” Jane couldn’t help but smile. Mike liked this? Guys were weird. But Jane liked that about them.

“I hope you don’t think I am being too straightforward, I mean, I just said I love you,” Mike stood up, blushing. “But…”

“I’d love to have sex with you,” Jane read his mind. “Let’s do it right here in the park. Just give me a moment.”

“Oh, sure,” Mike appeared nervous but also excited and maybe a bit confused as to why Jane was leaving.

Jane rushed behind a bush, her diaper swaying below her as she ran. Cherub appeared in thin air beside Jane. Jane removed Cherub’s diaper which now weighed more than platinum. “Thanks, Cherup,” Jane smiled, hanging Cherub back his soggy nappy.

“Anytime,” Cherup took his diaper by the corner and gave it a grossed out face while gravity tried to pull the ruined cloth down.

Jane ran back towards Mike leaving Cherub with his destroyed diaper.

Mike and Jane lay on the floor, once again nude.

“That was an experience,” Mike sighed.

“Never peed in a diaper before,” Jane said.

“Never had sex dressed as an angel,” Mike said.

“Never drank a chocolate milkshake while bursting to wee,” Jane said.

“Never role played as two people at once,” Mike said.

“The picture of you helped,” Jane mentioned.

“Yeah.”

The couple cuddled, happy to be with one another.

“Happy Valentine’s Day, Jane,” Mike told his wife.

“Happy Valentine’s Day, Mike,” Jane returned the sentiment to her husband.

Mike and Jane kissed, enjoying their Valentine’s Day as a married omorashi loving couple.

*009*2023-03-25 21:06

Mike sat on the bed, his legs crossed into a tight knot. His hands held an imaginary wheel which he was using to steer his imaginary vehicle. Mike made a desperate grab for his throbbing cock. It wasn’t often that he and Jane both held their pee for a role-playing event. The reason being is simply that Jane loves role-playing and Mike loves watching her desperate. So, when Jane holds her pee for a role-playing game, they both get an extra special treat.

But recently, Jane suggested that Mike should hold his pee for one of their beloved role-playing adventures as well. It was a small touch, but it was a great way to spice things up. Now Mike understood perfectly how Jane felt when she struggled to keep it in while waiting for him to start the action.

Mike’s bladder felt like the inside of a fruit punch dispenser at one of those fast food places. Mike had to squeeze his penis tightly to keep it from leaking. The pressure shot up his shaft and made his whole body itch with desperation.

Finally, Mike heard the sound of a police siren that was playing over Jane’s cell phone. Jane opened the bedroom door and she was dressed in a police uniform. The role-playing had started and both husband and wife were chilled with exhilaration!

“Sir, do you know how fast you were going?” The policewoman asked, limping up to the man she had caught speeding.

The vehicle owner realized that - just like him - this policewoman had her legs tightly crossed and was trembling as she moved. It looked like she had not had a break in days.

The man went numb. He had no idea what to do or say, he had never been pulled over before. The sensation of getting in trouble with the law was even more excruciating than the pain he felt in his bladder. (Well, maybe not that bad).

“I… I’m so sorry, ma’am,” the man forced his hand to rest at his side. But the entire time, his hand twitched, wishing so badly to grasp his urgent cock. Getting caught by a police officer was enough to make the man ready to wet in fear. “I… I didn’t realize…”

The policewoman’s eyes were down. She scribbled on a notepad. Her entire body bounced up and down like she was struggling not to sneeze. “ID?” she asked.

He quickly fished his ID from his wallet and passed it over.

“One moment,” the policewoman took the small plastic card and whisked it away with her back to her swat car.

The policewoman now gone, the stopped man was now free to grasp himself as he pleased. He used both hands to squeeze and squeeze at his penis, silently begging his bladder to withstand its contents just a little longer. If only he wasn’t so desperate, he never would have gotten pulled over. But his bladder burned with fury at having held back for over thirteen long hours now.

The man crossed his legs so tight, they looked like giraffes necking one another. Each leg fought for dominance as they each pushed deeper and deeper up his crotch area. The man could feel the vast amounts of juice he had ready to reenter the world in another format. He chewed his lip and squirmed wildly. He wrapped his arms around his pelvis and closed his legs into a ball beneath him. If this policewoman didn’t hurry, he would have to stop at a car cleaner on his way home.

After what felt like half of a millennium, the policewoman returned. The man noticed beads of sweat along her brow. Her legs resembled one of those trees with two trunks that cross and intersect each other. The man was almost tempted to ask what was wrong, but he was in enough trouble as was. Plus, he had a suspicion he knew this policewoman’s issue. Her current predicament was the same as his own.

“Your ID looks fine,” she handed him back his ID. “Step out of the car, sir.”

The man whimpered under his breath, but he did as told. Standing up added waves of pressure to his pelvis. His bladder felt like a fish that was being gutted. It took all of his willpower not to prance and hold himself on the spot. The policewoman eyed his posture, clearly taking note of his predictable movements.

“Touch your nose for me, sir,” she commanded.

He did.

“Good, now the other hand.”

He did that too.

“Good. Now walk in a straight line for me.”

This was going to be the tricky part.

The man sucked in his breath and forced his legs to uncross. In doing so, he felt the tiniest of spurts make its way into his boxers. Groaning from the pain, gasping at the fear of losing all control, he grasped his genitalia and doubled over.

“Sir? You okay,” asked the policewoman.

Fear shook the man like leaves in autumn. He knew if he failed this inspection, he may be sent to a holding cell where he would surely have to wait to alleviate his needs even longer.

“F… F… Fine…” he struggled to stand. Holding his arms out right, he began to shuffle along in a single-filled line. While the man walked, his knees continued to kiss each other. He was unable to uncross his knees no matter how badly he desired to. The man’s brain and bladder were in a constant battle. His brain knew if he didn’t shape up, he would have a mark on his otherwise perfect driving record. Worse, he may end up in jail and or get fined. But his bladder didn’t care. His bladder cared about one thing and one thing only… Voiding!

Once the painful line was complete, the policewoman looked the man up and down. He could tell that she was trying to decide if his straight line was good enough or not. The man debated telling her of his problem. Maybe if he did, she would go easy on him. But he was embarrassed. Mostly because this was a female police officer. If it was a male, maybe that would make things easier. But given that this was a woman…

He had always been embarrassed that the opposite sex found out about his bathroom needs. He had never told a woman about his bodily functions before and he was afraid to now.

“Stand up straight,” the policewoman ordered.

He had to take several deep breaths. Then, with legs closed so tight a mosquito wouldn’t have been able to pass through, he stood as straight as possible.

He was well aware that his sides were twitching and he tried to force them to settle down. But he knew very well that should he stop moving altogether, he would piss.

“Have you had any alcohol tonight?” the policewoman asked.

“No, ma’am,” was his honest reply.

“Are you sure?” she inquired.

“Yes, ma’am.”

“Were you aware of the speed limit?”

The man swallowed. He could lie, but he learned long ago that the truth is always best.

“Yes, ma’am.”

“I see… And you chose to ignore it?” she asked.

His insides became gel. This man had a perfect driving record. He would never intentionally do anything that would break the law or the rules of society. But things come up… His bladder sure can testify to that.

“I… I didn’t mean to…” he managed.

She lifted her eyebrows to the dark night sky, shining a flashlight on him now like he was a convicted criminal, (the light only made him that much more fearful), she said, “Explain.”

This was it. There was no lie he could think of. And even if there was, maybe it was best to come clean. But this was so embarrassing! He didn’t want this woman to hear about his manly needs. Of course, women pee as well. But that didn’t make him feel any more comfortable about sharing with her how badly his bladder was bursting and in turn, his penis was exploding. But there was no other option he had.

As he hesitated to avoid the question, he could feel his face get hotter and hotter with each passing second, knowing that this police officer was waiting patiently for a response.

Unable to think of anything better, and knowing he could not just stand here ignoring her question forever, his will shattered and he spilled the hard truth of his day.

“I haven’t gone to the restroom all day,” he said, carefully choosing the word ‘restroom’ so as not to seem too vulgar in her eyes. “It was such a busy day at the office. I was unable to take a break. And after work, I tried to go… But the entire building closes at a certain time. We were forced to leave. I tried stopping at a fast food place, but the bathrooms were closed. I tried to make it home, but I had a lot of juice today.” He felt tears waft up his eyeballs. “I… I’m sorry… I just want to go and use the bathroom… Please… I didn’t mean to speed… My bladder hurts, I can feel it coming, I…” He was now in full-on tears as he clasped his crotch and hobbled up and down, desperate to hold it in just a little longer.

“Alright, alright,” the policewoman ended his rant. “It’s okay. I feel you. I haven’t pissed since noon.”

The man could already tell this all on his own, but it felt good having her relate to him.

She adjusted her belt and stated, “I’ve been so busy catching criminals and everything else, I’ve had to ignore my own needs. I had a lot of water. Two of those things to be exact.” She shined her flashlight into her own car. Sitting in the cup holder was a massive towering water bottle. The rightful citizen couldn’t believe that this poor police officer managed to drink two of those things and hasn’t urinated since noon. She sure did have a good bladder on her. But he wasn’t going to say that.

The policewoman scanned her flashlight up and down the highway like a deer looking both ways to make sure the coast is clear of wolves. “No one is around this time of night,” she said. “Go behind your car, I’ll keep watch.”

The man just stood there transfixed, unable to believe his luck. Not only did she understand, but she was going to provide him with relief. He should have come forward about his needs from the beginning! But two burning questions pounding his water-logged mind.

“But isn’t public urination illegal?” he asked. As a police officer, she should respect the law above all else.

“Only if another person sees you,” she replied. “As I stated, no one is around for miles but you and me. Besides, it’s not like this is a residential area. Generally speaking, we are more lenient out here on the highway.”

“Okay, but what about you? Don’t you have to go?”

“Like a racehorse,” the woman cupped her camel toe and squished the life out of it. “But I can manage. I’ve been managing all day. Don’t worry about me, I have an overly impressive bladder captivity. But most important of all, my job as a police officer is to protect the people. That includes you, good sir. If one of my citizens is in pain, I must do all I can to ease that discomfort.” She waved the white beam of her flashlight behind his car and said, “Go pee. I’ll wait and keep watch.”

He was so thankful, he nearly cried. Feeling a squirt of excitement moisten his boxers, the citizen quickly turned and knee-waddled behind his car. Once there, he wasted no time in throwing open his belt and slamming down his zipper. He just managed to pull his penis through the fly of his boxers and out his jeans before the inevitable occurred.

Unable to contain his glorious relief, the man moaned loudly, alerting the policewoman to the urination behind this urination. The man could feel the surge of urine moving through his limp cock. He grasped his hose with every finger as his little dragon spewed golden rain over the grass. He instantly felt the bladder pressure go down, and with it, his internal excitement went up. For the first time in hours, he smiled and sighed. Happiness overwhelmed him.

The policewoman was patient. She leaned her back against his car, her eyes fixed on the night air, focused on averting her gaze from the urinating man. But with the hissing of his waterfall, the policewoman felt her own bladder rock with pressure. She had been planning on holding the rest of her shift, but after witnessing the hiss of this man’s heavily pressurized bladder, she feared she may not be able to make it that long.

Minutes went by. The man continued to spray the lawn as though his life depended on it. All the while the policewoman bounced, kicked her legs behind her, and clenched a hand over her pussy. The pressure of four liters of water rested on her abdomen. Her urinary sphincter was quaking worse than a cow trapped in a hurricane.

“Are you almost done back there,” called the policewoman, shaking with desperation.

“I’m sorry,” the man called back. “I told you I had to go!”

“It’s fine,” lied the policewoman, angry with herself for implying she was rushing the man. And maybe to some degree, she was trying to rush him. The sooner he finished, the sooner she could leave and pee at home. Assuming she made it that is.

The policewoman continued to squirm and the man continued to pee. After around minute four, the man felt the final drops dribble from his urethra. He pushed down to let out a final squirt. He then shook off extra good and retucked his member back inside his jeans.

Walking around his car once more, he said, “Your turn,” and leaned against the car.

Squirming, the policewoman’s eyes widened. “Whut?” she gasped.

“Your turn for relief,” the man said. “I’ll keep watch now. Enjoy.”

She could hardly believe the kindness this man had. Especially after she pulled him over. “Thank you,” she said and quickly raced for cover behind his car. Once hidden, the policewoman quickly hiked down her jeans and panties. She quickly squatted, her bum brushing against the blades of grass, her dangling pussy lips licking the nighttime atmosphere. And out came a geyser of yellow. The policewoman - just like her male counterpart - forced a moan out of her lips. The relief of draining eight hours' worth of piss was the most wonderful feeling in the entire world! The policewoman was finally able to relax and let her bladder do its thing. As she squirted into the grass, she contemplated the events of the evening.

Not many people would show as much sympathy to the person that pulled them over as this man showed to her. It was Officer Jane’s job to protect the people of this community. But this man had no obligation to keep watch for her. She couldn’t deny that she was very grateful to him. She also had to admit how attractive this man was. Perhaps it was the pee talking, but she found herself quite attracted to this dude.

After several long moments of a wickedly hissy stream, Jane drip-dried her damp pussy and then pulled her pants and undies back into place, her bursting bladder now a thing of the past. Stepping over her and the man’s spilled bladder contents which now soaked into the earth, the policewoman rejoined the man on the opposite side of his car.

“Feel better?” he asked with his arms crossed.

“Much,” she wiped away sweat. “You?”

“Much,” he agreed.

Unable to control herself, the policewoman leaped at the man, kissing him furiously. “That’s for letting me pee,” she said.

He kissed her back. “Same goes to you.”

Together, the couple fell to the ground, shielded in darkness as they began to undo each other’s clothing.

Jane and Mike lay tucked under their covers, panting and out of breath. Behind them, on the opposite side of the bed was a pile of towels that had several pee stains imprinted into them. The air was still ripe with thirty-minute old piss.

“Is it just me, or are our role-playing games getting better and better?” Jane gasped for air.

“Not just you,” Mike agreed. “Heck, I could actually visualize the scenery this time. That’s not the easiest thing to do, you know. I mean, picturing one place vividly when you are not actually there can be tough.”

“Yeah, I struggled with that at one point as well,” Jane sympathized, massaging her husband’s hairy chest. “But it’s like anything else, practice makes perfect.” After taking a moment, she added, “PS, sex also falls into that category.”

Mike grinned. “Then you want to practice again?”

“Please.” Jane threw herself back at Mike, her police officer costume laying at the foot of their bed. But Jane’s hat remained on as she and Mike engaged in round two, as they referred to it as.

*012*2023-04-07 19:21

Mike stood in the kitchen, casually unloading the dishwasher. Mike’s mind was racing with excitement. Both he and his wife had wanted to do this particular role-playing scenario for a long time. Since the beginning of their role-playing adventures. But they always thought of another role-playing idea and this one kept getting pushed to the back burner. But today they were finally doing it! Mike could hardly wait. He had to get into the mindset. This role-playing game would be rather easy. It wasn’t too far out there like goddesses and firefighters and Tarzan. This idea was a lot more laid back, but it would certainly be loads of fun. Regardless, Mike spent the next couple of minutes convincing himself that he and Jane didn’t know each other.

Mike set a stack of plates on the counter and heard a ding-dong. Mike used a towel to dry away the moisture from his hands before venturing to the door.

Ding-dong. “Coming,” Mike called, leaving the kitchen. Ding-dong. “Coming,” Mike called louder, halfway to the door now. Ding-dong, Ding-dong, Ding-dong. The doorbell went frantic. Mike pulled open the door and on the other side, he found a woman leaning up against the side of the door. She kept her hands stuffed in her crotch at a vertical angle and she had her leg lifted up against her nether region. She wore jeans and a tank top and a belt. Her black hair was done in a ponytail. She was beautiful. But she looked awfully stressed out about something. Mike could see it in her eyes.

Mike noticed in the driveway there was a car he didn’t recognize. A black Toyota sitting beside his silver lea. And sitting in the passenger seat of the black Toyota was a pile of empty bottles.

“Excuse me, sir,” the stressed woman stammered, shaking and squirting all over Mike’s doorstep. “I am so sorry to just come here and… My name is Jane,” Jane extended her hand which Mike shook. “I’m sorry, sir, but I really need to use the bathroom,” Jane moaned. “I’m on a six-hour drive and I foolishly drank three large bottles of Gatorade and a small coffee from Starbucks. Mind if I use your restroom? I’ll only be a minute, please…”

“Huh? Oh, yes, of course, right this was Miss. Jane,” Mike stood aside allowing the stranger to staggering past the door frame and into his home. “My name is Mike, by the way.”

“Well, Mike, you have a beautiful home,” the stranger said. “I know this is awkward, a complete stranger using your washroom, oh god,” Jane doubled over. Mike - being a gentleman - helped her over to the couch where she plopped down.

“I drank too much,” Jane trembled, holding her hand together like she was praying, but her ‘prayer hands’ stayed in her genital region. “Can I have something to drink?”

Mike flinched at this request. “You are complaining about how much you drank and you want to add more fluids to your system?”

“Not really,” Jane admitted. “But I’m your guest. And it is rude not to offer your guest something to drink.”

“Well,” Mike gave a mysterious smile. “I don’t want to be rude…”

“Neither do I. So, I must accept whatever you offer me,” Jane said.

“BRB,” Mike fled to the kitchen where he opened the refrigerator and removed a large picture of cold water. He took out a glass from the cupboard and went back over to the stranger sitting in his living room.

Mike set the glass down on the coffee table. Holding it with one hand, Mike tilted the picture and poured a waterfall of clear, cold H2O into the glass.

Poor Jane was forced to watch this display. The water poured from jug to cup right before the poor desperate girl’s eyes. Once the glass was filled, Mike handed it to the stranger. Jane thanked him and held her head back, downing the glass.

“I guess you were thirsty,” Mike giggled. Lifting up the half-filled jug of water, Mike asked, “Want some more?”

After three extra glasses of water, Jane now lay on Mike’s couch. Jane’s head lay against the cushion, her ponytail lying over her shoulder like a sleeping snake. Jane kept her knees bent and held her hands against her throbbing genitalia through her denim pants.

“Poor girl,” Mike knelt beside Jane and began running his hand through the hair that stood atop her scalp. “You look so full. Three Gatoraids, three drinks of water, and a coffee later, and you look ready to blow up,” Mike spoke in a taunting voice, a voice one would use to tease a dog before fake throwing a ball. “You must really have to go potty, huh?” The stranger just moaned. “I’ll bet your poor bladder is filled to the tippy top with yellow?” Mike asked. “Why don’t you go pee pee now?”

“I… I… I… I c… I can’t…”

“You can’t?”

“I… I can’t stand…”

“You can’t stand?”

Jane’s head trembled up and down.

“Oh, poor dear. You must be so freaking full you can’t even talk or walk, is that right?” Mike wondered.

Jane nodded again.

“I hate to tell you this, baby,” Mike carefully rolled Jane onto her back while the strange woman continued to squeeze her lady parts as tight as her hands would allow. “But you came to the wrong house,” Mike knelt over Jane, beginning to caress Jane’s bladder which was now so inflated, it was easy to poke and prod. “You see, I like when girls are full of pee pee. I personally believe women should never be allowed to pee.”

“But I… I… I… I gotta go…” Jane breathed.

“Too freaking bad,” Mike continued to smooth his hands over Jane’s bladder bump. “Hold it.”

“I’m trying…”

“Try harder. You look ready to pop.”

Shaking from pee desperation, “You’re going to deny a stranger her most basic need?” Jane sounded hurt.

Mike replied, “Not proud of it… But yes, I am.”

There was nothing but silence as Mike ran his hands over the stranger’s bladder bulge. Mike didn’t push down or even poke it or anything crazy. He just rubbed it.

“If I saw you in public, I would instantly think you were pregnant,” Mike mentioned much to Jane’s agony. “Tell me, sweetie… How long have you been holding? You said you were on a six-hour drive. Where are you going?”

“I’m actually on my way… Home… I was vacationing in… In Denver,” Jane stuttered worse than ever. “I haven’t used a washroom since… Leaving Denver…”

“So, what… Four hours of straight holding?” Mike grinned, enjoying this lady’s pain. “You poor, poor thing. Your bladder must be so stretched. And this is the proof.” Mike took his index finger and lightly pressed it into Jane’s bladder, around where her navel was. Jane let loose a series of sharp moans and grunts.

“Please help me to your washroom…” Jane managed. “I can… Can’t keep it in much… Much longer…”

“Too bad, bitch. Hold it,” Mike chuckled. Mike began to lightly press down on Jane’s bladder with his fingertips. He casually began to apply more pressure and even began to use his entire wrist to push down and condense the poor desperate girl’s belly balloon.

Jane moaned again, still squeezing herself.

“You should have gone potty when you had the chance,” Mike teased. “Four hours with that much liquid… Wow! I would be bursting full too. What is that? Is that a camel toe,” Mike removed Jane’s hands from her crotch. Jane fought and fought, but in the end, Mike managed to wrestle her hands away. Sitting there, below Jane’s waist and sandwiched between her thighs was a perfect outline of her labia through her jeans.

“Poor, poor, woman. Lovely camel toe, though,” Mike ran his hand over her camel toe. “You embarrassed about it?”

“A little.”

“A little? Girl, if I was you, I’d want to bury myself alive after this incident!”

“I’m not too embarrassed. We all get them… Well, women do anyway.”

“If I was a woman, I hope I’d have the guts you do to walk around sporting a massive camel toe.”

“I wouldn’t say its mass… Oh, oh!” Jane let out a sharp yelp as a wave of pressure came down on her burning bladder.

Jane held herself again, using her entire fists to clutch her aching camel toe. Mike just smiled. “Know what the problem is? This,” Mike laced his fingers around the belt buckle Jane wore. “Your belt is crushing your bladder. The belt is only adding more pressure. Do you want to remove it?”

“Yes, please.”

“Okay, here goes.”

Jane wiggled around the couch allowing Mike to take off her belt. Mike laid the leather item on his table and returned to Jane’s desperation. “There, that’s better, isn’t it?” Mike continued stroking Jane’s overworked and underappreciated sack of bubbling piss.

“Mumph-hum…” Jane mumbled. A small sense of relief came over Jane. It was nice to remove even the tiniest bit of added stress her poor water balloon of urine was forced to endure.

“I’ll bet all that Gatorade and water you drank want to exit,” Mike said calmly. “What flavor of Gatorade did you have?”

“Lemon-lime.”

“Yikes! A yellow flavor… Flavored like lemonade! Ouch! What’s that make you think of?”

“Tinkling.”

“I’ll bet!”

“Although… Right now… Everything reminds me of tinkling!” Jane exclaimed.

Mike bellowed with deep-bellied laughter. “I’ll bet. I will bet!” Mike continued rolling his hands around Jane’s bloated belly. “Your Gatorade wants out, huh? I’ll bet that lemon line Gatorade is just dying to find the exit, huh? I’ll bet that Gatorade really wants to exit the building if you know what I mean?”

Jane assured him, “Oh, I know what you mean…”

“Keep holding.”

“I think I’m gonna leak.”

“You better not.”

“I might.”

“You leak on my couch, I’ll kill you.”

Jane couldn’t help but grin at the thought of losing her bladder on another person’s furniture.

“Know what just might help you hold?” Mike asked.

“What?” Jane wondered, anxious for pointers right now.

Mike was silent for a moment. Finally, he replied, “Thinking about water.”

Jane grimaced.

“Just imagine flowing rivers and trickling streams and rushing waterfalls,” Mike teased in a quiet voice like a hypnotist. “Close your pretty little eyes and visualize a leaky faucet or a toilet flushing. Just imagine the toilet water gurgling down the pipes. Or even think of someone pee peeing into the potty and then flushing. Why don’t you close your eyes and imagine the sound of a dude’s strong stream hitting the toilet water and the look of ecstasy on his face!”

Jane whimpered stronger than ever, trembling from head to toe.

“You ever watched a man go pee pee, Jane?” Mike asked.

Jane shook her head.

“Well,” Mike sat on his butt, continuing to stick his fingers into her bladder balloon, driving her piss closer and closer to the exit. “Maybe I can piddle for you sometime… Maybe… Right now, keep holding.”

After a few more minutes of shoving his hands into her broad bladder, Jane felt a jolt from down below that told her it was time to go!

“I truly can’t hold it anymore, Mike,” Jane warned.

Sensing Jane was nearly at her limit, Mike decided it was time for one final teasing exercise he wanted to do with her. Off of the table, Mike grabbed the same glass Jane had used to drink. Mike refilled the glass with water one last time. Jane’s entire body shuddered as he did so. Mike turned around, cup full of clear liquid, and he said, “I’ll let you potty. But you must potty into this.”

“T… That cup?” Jane managed.

Mike nodded. “Here,” Mike handed the cup to Jane. he quickly pulled it away and said, “Unless you don’t want it of course.”

Jane thought. She seriously didn’t want to pee into a cup in front of a total stranger. But she didn’t want to piss her pants even more! Priorities. “Okay, okay… I want it,” Jane said, quickly sitting up and taking the glass from Mike. She sat there, hands in pussy, admiring the glass. “But… There is water in here. How can I use it to pee?”

Mike just snickered. “I guess first, you’ll have to drink the water.”

“More water!”

“Hey, you asked for water in the first place. Drain the glass into your gullet and then use it as a toilet.”

“But I…”

“You what?”

Jane swallowed. Her heart felt like it stopped just staring at the glass of water. “I don’t know if I can fit anymore inside.”

“Then you’re just gonna have to make room,” Mike replied. “Maybe the pee pee you already have stored inside will kindly move out of the way for this new stuff.” Mike teasingly poked Jane’s bulge as he said this. Jane continued to look nervously at the water. “Just drink it fast like you did with the other ones,” Mike suggested.

Knowing this was her key to relief, Jane tilted her head back and gulped down even more fluids. The glass was halfway drained when Jane had to lift her head back up, gasping for air. Her bladder was throbbing with distress. Jane knew her time to micturate was just around the bend. She had better hurry! And so, she slurped down even more water. Jane’s glass was nearing the end when she had to take a second break. Moaning, Jane pinched her pussy with her palm, trying to hold back her juices. Jane finished the cup and quickly stood. The movement added pressure to Jane’s bursting full bladder. Even as she handed the cup to Mike and undid her zipper, Jane could feel her piss balloon pop, pushing urine past the sphincter and through the canal.

Jane had managed to lower her jeans and pull her pink panties aside before grabbing the cup and…

“Ahhhh…” Jane moaned. Jane’s urethral opening opened and out came a torrent of clear piss. Crystal-clear urine flooded the glass, ricocheting off the walls, and making the loudest crunkling noises. Jane’s stream itself was extra hissy. It flowed at a rapid speed. The glass quickly filled with steaming hot urine. Jane pushed the glass as far against her pussy as it would go. Jane’s labia pressed against the cup as it filled to the brim with her liquid.

“Looks like someone had to tinkle winkle,” Mike laughed. “That clear urine is a sign of good hydration! Good girl. But the glass is almost full.”

Jane grunted, doing everything in her power to stem the flow. It took as much concentration as she had, but Jane’s pee hole managed to shut like a vault door. Jane’s hand was weighed down by the now heavy cup of boiling hot piss. The glass was so full, Mike had to be extra careful when setting it down. Bubbles rose in the urine. The nearly transparent liquid was so hot, it felt like holding an actual camel’s toes. Mike took the glass and set it down on the table as Jane pulled up her pants and redid the zipper. The first thing they noticed was that Jane’s bladder bulge had shrunk considerably. But it was still very much there.

Upon noticing this, Mike said, “Still need to wee wee?”

Jane held her privates. “That helped,” she admitted. “But I still desperately need a wee, yes.”

“Well, you’ve been a good girl. I think you are permitted to use my bathroom,” Mike said.

“Yeah,” Jane cheered. “But two problems… I am still so full, I don’t know if I can walk. And two… I have no idea where your bathroom is.”

“Not to fear, young lady,” Mike said triumphantly. “I shall solve both of your problems.”

Without warning, Mike bent down and scooped Jane up into his arms. Carrying the stranger, Mike started towards the restroom of his home.

“Please hurry, Mr. Mike,” Jane clasped her vulva. “I gotta go…”

Mike carefully set a squirming Jane down on the tiled floor of his toilet room. Jane held herself and potty danced all around the room. Jane waddled to the toilet. Her hand was nearly on the closed lid, but suddenly, Mike maneuvered around her and took a seat, keeping the toilet closed.

“Where do you think you're going?” Mike teased.

Jane held her vulva and moved her legs up and down, arching her knees outwards as she did so in her own unique bathroom dance. “I gotta go…” Jane whined. “I’m about to burst!”

“Then burst,” Mike chuckled.

“Getting that piss out into the cup helped… But I have so frickin’ much more inside and it hurts…” Jane fought and squeezed and held and clenched. But in the end, it wasn’t enough. Jane’s small body finally gave into the pressure of far too much Gatorade and water.

A smile spread across Jane’s face. Her head tilted and her eyes relaxed. “Ahhh…” Jane moaned.

Instantly, a gray spot appeared on Jane’s crotch. The spot grew darker and more navy-colored. The wet patch rolled down the legs, spreading onto the rump of Jane’s jeans. Soon, Jane stood in completely soggy denim pants, breathing heavily. A large puddle was on the floor below her. Jane huffed and puffed, relief flooding her brain just as pee flooded her pants. This was the most glorious feeling in the world. The feeling of releasing a bursting pee was sensational. And the wet, warmness that filled her jeans… Jane had never before felt anything so pleasant. Jane’s bladder soon ran empty and Jane stood before Mike, utterly relieved.

Jane left behind a massive puddle and her pants were beyond ruined. Fortunately, Jane relieved a piece of her overfilled bladder into the glass before, otherwise, her mess would have been even worse!

Jane placed a finger to her lips. “I had an accident…” Jane blushed.

Mike stood and held a soaking-wet Jane in his arms. “Good girl,” he sighed. “Now, I know we just met, but are you willing to go to my bedroom for some fun?”

Eager her bladder tank was finally on empty, Jane replied, “Why not. But can I clean up first?” Mike just laughed. “No, seriously,” Jane said. “Can I use your shower?”

Jane and Mike lay naked below the covers, panting and out of breath.

“So, here we are again,” Jane said.

“I’m beginning to sense a pattern here,” Mike said.

Holding her husband close and laughing, Jane returned, “I love these games! They are so hot!”

“Sure that wasn’t just you peeing your pants?”

“That was hot too. And you were pretty mean. Not allowing a girl to alleviate herself,” Jane gave her husband a look of fake anger. A look that said, ‘You are hilarious but I’m going to pretend to be angry with you.’

“Let the record state, if that was a real desperate situation with a real stranger that needed my bathroom, I would have let her use it,” Mike announced.

Jane twirled her husband’s chest hair. “I know. You’re a good guy. And you are very good in the bedroom!”

“How funny would it have been if that was really how we met?” Mike asked.

Jane laughed at the very thought. “Would have been cool.”

“You sure we met before today?” Mike teased.

Jane met his gaze and pursed her lips. “Remind me.”

Mike leaned forward and he and Jane made out.
