Queen Kira's Quest

Author: Unknown104

*000*2019-03-31 00:12

Note that this story has very long holding/peeing times and extreme desperation, for those who don't like that sort of thing.

This is a follow up to a short story I posted here.

I hope you enjoy it!

Kira paced down paced in the hallway, a roar of laughter and the sounds of joy filling the night air. She placed a hand on her flat stomach, feeling the metal ribs of the corset under her dress, making her appearance seem deceitfully plain. Her heart raced- how was she going to make it through this?

"My queen?"

Her head snapped up, her gaze resting upon Vea. Her dark hair had been tied in a ponytail behind her head, wearing a cotton dark blue dress. The fabric stopped a few inches below her knees and above her elbows, still allowing her some freedom. Kira, however, didn't have such a luxury, having forced herself into a long, hot dress. She had made sure to wear a linen shirt and leggings beneath her dress, trying to hide the corset.

"Are you sure the corset isn't too tight? We still have a few moments before we have to enter."

"No, no thank you." She said, releasing a quivering breath. Kira had prepared for this for weeks, making sure she didn't take in as many fluids as usual. She had focused on being able to hold without showing her desperation outwardly. Countless mages in her court had given her numerous potions, spells, and other magical elements which strengthened her bladder muscles, allowing her to hold much more for much, much longer than any of her kind. Yet, she still felt incredibly the desperation that came with holding her waters for so long.

She felt Vea's soft hand touch her shoulder. "It's only two short hours. You've made it this far, I'm sure you can make it." Vea said with a small, comforting grin. "Sir Bandon said you could have your first break if you were accepted tonight. I'll be right there if anything happens, my queen."

Kira took a deep breath, squeezing her eyes shut for a moment. "Thank you... I...

I needed that." She exhaled, opening her eyes. "Let's go."

Vea nodded. She stepped forward and pushed the door open before she stepped to the side. Kira entered, coming to an abrupt end. A single, rectangular table sat in the middle of the room, a plate in the middle filled with different meats, bread and salt, and a pitcher of wine. Sir Bandon and his older son sat on the left, the son giving her a cold state as she approached. His younger son sat at the right side with a woman, no older than the age of twenty-five. A woman sat at the top of the table, taking one more bite out of her pork sausage before she wiped her mouth. Two chairs had been left vacant for the two at the bottom of the table.

"Good evening, Sir Bandon." Queen Kira bowed. Her thighs twitch a little as it accommodated the new pressure. She stayed bowed for a respectable amount of time, before rising once again.

"And to you too, Queen Kira." He nodded. His clothes were fine, made of fresh wool and silk. He wore a large fur cloak, certainly worn and old. "You've met my sons, Gregor and Benjen." His wrinkled right hand motioned to the two.

"Good evening," She bowed her head slightly, before turning her attention back to Sir Bandon. "I left the copper and silver with your treasurer, as requested, and I have brought my adviser. I hope that isn't a problem."

"Not at all." He smiled. "Ah,- where are my manners," He stood up, motioning to the lady at the head of the table. "Allow me to introduce you to my liege lady, Lady Laerra. She holds Dominion over this and many other regions in the Human Kingdom."

Lady Laerra glanced up at her with a smile. "Good evening. It is an honor to meet an Elven Queen."

"The honor is mine, my lady."

"Please, sit."

Kira nodded, quickly taking her seat. An empty plate sat in front of her with a wooden fork and knife, with a small, metal goblet sitting beside the plate. Vea sat beside her, an open chair left between her and Gregor.

"Well, don't just sit there, girl!" Sir Bandon raised his voice to the girl. Her head shot up, a glassy film over her eyes. "Y-Yes, forgive me, milord." She quickly stood, a large bulge filling her midriff. The woman quickly grabbed the pitcher of wine and shuffled to Kira's side. She could feel her ragged breath on her neck as she filled her cup. Kira glanced to the left, watching her hobble over to Vea and repeat the process, her bladder sending little pangs of need each time she heard the splashing of wine. She set the pitcher down at the center of the table, making her way back to her seat.

"We've prepared pork, mutton, beef, and venison, along with our bread and salt. I'm sure you'll be satisfied." Sir Bandon said. Kira cautiously looked up at Lady Laerra, assuring she had permission before taking some bread and venison. She nodded.

The other's continued with their meals as Kira took a small bite out of the venison. It had been masterfully prepared, though she didn't really have the capacity to admire it, what with thoughts of her full bladder cluttering her mind.

Her eyes wandered back over to the servant's, her face straining as she shuffled in her seat. A trembling hand rubbed her bladder, her legs double crossed underneath the table. Kira could relate to the poor girl's plight, though she didn't have the luxury of being outwardly desperate or crossing her legs for that matter.

"So... I must ask, Queen Kira," Lady Laerra asked as she stabbed into another piece of her sausage. "Pardon me if this seems crude, but how did you come to be in charge of the Elven Kingdom?" She quickly took another bite. "As far as I've heard, your father was a blacksmith and your mother a tavern maid... Anyone else in your position wouldn't be anywhere near a throne."

Kira glanced towards the floor. "Well... I cannot say it has been easy..." She huffed. "A civil war had broken out between the elves once I had reached womanhood. My father and I smithed sharp weapons and strong armor to our prior queen, Lady Ana. She and I became acquainted, and eventually, we had won, though our enemies cursed us and swore vengeance. We've yet to encounter them again. " She took a small sip of wine, all the talking making her mouth dry up. "Eventually, she passed, and appointed me the ruler."

"I see," Lady Laerra took a large gulp out of her cup. "What is this lass' story, then?" She pointed her fork towards Vea.

"She's my right hand, my lady. She was once a skilled archer, bound in service to Lady Ana. When she passed, she then swore to serve me, though under a different role." She took a sip from her cup, her eyes darting to Vea for a moment before returning to Lady Laerra. "Vea is an excellent adviser and a better friend. I doubt I would be where I was today if not for her." She glanced over to her, a small grin on her face. Vea took a bite out of her bread, straightened her lips and glancing downwards.

A particularly strong urge made itself apparent, causing her to squeeze her legs together. She'd have ripped the lower half of the dress away to cross her legs if this meeting wasn't so important.

"M-Malady..." The woman to their right spoke, her entire form shivering. "Might I-I be ex- excused?"

"No, you may not."

The poor girl whimpered, her arms tensing up and her elbows locked, both hands shoved in her crotch. "Please, malady, it- it's rather urgent."

"She said no, girl." Gregor snapped. His tone was harsher. The girl moaned quietly, slumped over in her chair.

"Show respect to your liege lady, peasant!" Benjen grabbed her by her shoulders, forcing her back up to the chair. Her face was covered in sweat, tears welling in her eyes.

"Malady-" A pained whine passed through her, rocking in her chair. "It- it's been

, I need to release!" She took a few quick breaths in. "I-I can't-"

A hissing sound filled the room. Piss splattered on the ground. Kira's eyes widened as the girl pissed, hard. She felt her hands move to her lap, squeezing her dress as she focused on keeping her own load inside.

The four humans stared at her in shock as she continued to pee. "I'm sorry, I-I-I can't stop!" She cried, her clothes soaked with piss. Kira's face strained as she clenched her thighs together, her legs shaking from the effort.

Eventually, her stream slowed to a stop, tears staining her cheeks and a large puddle forming under the table.

"I..." She looked up to Lady Laerra. "I'm so sorry, my lady! Please forgive me!"

"Get her out of my sight." Lady Laerra commanded. "

. Take her to her quarters."

"Right away, my lady." Sir Bandon stood, along with his sons. Benjen grabbed her by her shoulders, pulling her out from her chair forcibly. "This way, wench. You'd have better enjoyed it. Making a mockery of us..." He grumbled.

"It might be the last time you piss for a very long time, girl," Gregor spoke, his voice raspy. "You wait till your father hears of this."

The four exited the room. Lady Laerra took a large gulp out of her cup. "I apologize. She will be punished for such rudeness."

"Worry not, Lady Laerra."

"Anyway, I think we should move to the topic at hand: our deal."

"Y- Yes?" Kira raised her head. Her bladder throbbed, begging for any form of release.

The Lady stared her down for a moment, taking note of every fidget and twitch Kira made- every sign of need or urgency about her.

"The gold you've given us is adequate, and you haven't released your waters in well over five months now..." She took a quick sip of her wine. "But, your kingdom has almost nothing to give us in return. Our lands are plentiful and fertile, our soldiers are many and strong, and we have no use for your weapons."

She lifted her glass up, swishing the wine around as she shot Kira a devious look- similar to that Sir Bandon's sons had given her in the months prior. "Honestly, I could keep you filled and desperate for months longer."

"You can't!"

Kira's head shot to the right.

Vea leaned forward in her seat.

"And why not?"

"Queen Kira has held for long enough! She has proven her worth!" She spoke with passion, standing up and pushing her chair back. "For five months, she has fought day in and day out for her kingdom! She's spent countless nights staying awake so she would still keep her oath! She has never been late on the deliveries for coin, or steel, or arms!" She pled, clasping her hands together and intertwining her fingers. "Please, my lady. She deserves some rest, for a few nights, at least."

Lady Laerra looked up at her. She stared in silence for a minute. Then two. Three, four, five...

"You," She pointed a thin finger to Vea "grab the chamberpot." Her finger moved to the corner of the room, a large, brass pot sat at the corner. Vea nodded, quickly retrieving it. She took it by its sides and picked it up, her arms barely wrapping around it to pick it up. It was about twice as heavy as any crossbow or sword she had ever held, and just as wide as a shield. She took slow, cautious steps.

Queen Kira could feel her desperation rising with each step Vea took with the chamber pot in her hands. The corset seemed to grow tighter, her bladder bump seeming to grow larger, and the need undeniably growing to its breaking point. She fidgeted a little, her legs crossing as she tried to keep her composure

"That pot could easily hold the waters of even the fullest bladder. We used to use them as wine pitchers for feasts, though they were far too impractical. They could fit around half a keg if you filled it to the brim."

Lady Laerra stood up from the table. "Set it down, right beside your queen."

Vea did as she was told and stood at Kira's side, wishing not to endanger her queen's chances of relief any further.

"You'll have your chance to relieve yourself, but not before I have." She hiked up her long dress, pulling her panties down and squatting down over the pot. Queen Kira stared at her with wide eyes. "N-No, my lady, ple-"

A loud hissing sound filled the room, piss colliding with the inner walls of the chamberpot. Kira almost doubled over, her legs squeezed together tightly. She took a few bated breaths, attempting to turn her head away.

"You watch if you want to pee after me."

She groaned quietly and focused directly on her, as much as it pained her bladder to do so. Lady Laerra stared at her, her face as solid and stoic as stone. Kira almost questioned if she could feel anything.

A minute or so passed, her stream still going as strong as when she began. She rubbed her bladder over the corset, throbbing wildly she leaned forward slightly. One hand had balled itself into a fist, the other pressed into her lap.

Two desperate minutes passed, the stream still very strong. Kira held herself openly with both hands, not caring who saw or how she acted anymore. She could feel her bladder trying to push its overfilled load out onto the floor of Lady Laerra's kitchen. Vea watched on- she had never seen her Queen this desperate, not even on her worst nights.

"My lady, please. The Queen-"

"N-No, I can wait..." Kira said, her voice shaking and quiet. Her entire body strained and trembled, exerting so much force to keep her pee from leaking out.

Two more minutes passed. Tears formed in Kira's eyes. She had turned towards the Lady, forcing herself to keep her eyes on her, no matter how difficult it was. Sweat poured from her legs and chest, her linen shirt surely drenched by this point. Her teeth felt like they were floating, her piss dangerously close to squirting out.

Finally, the stream abruptly stopped, still quite strong by the end of it. Kira could've sworn she saw her legs twitch as she stopped, though she didn't have the capacity to process it at the moment, currently taken up by five months worth of pee. Her head shot up, watching as Lady Laerra pulled her panties back up. "You may go."

She didn't need to tell her twice. Kira shot up out of her chair and hiked up her dress. She tore her leggings down with her panties, a torrent of pee shooting out of her forcefully. Her whole body tensed for a moment, then relaxed. She felt her arms fall to her sides, her aching bladder crying out in ecstatic glee now that it was finally able to release. A goofy smile spread across her face, the world around her seeming to fade away in the relief. Her mind felt foggy- as if she had just awoken from a long slumber. The feeling continued for what seemed like an eternity, and she relished in every second of it.

"Stop."

Kira hadn't been expecting her to have to stop. Panic set in almost immediately. She squeezed her legs together, clenching her muscles up, but the stream still flowed. Her brow wrinkled and she squeezed her eyes shut, trying her hardest to stop it.

"I said stop." Lady Laerra repeated, a little harsher this time.

"I-I'm trying..." Kira locked up, her body straining and creaking under her demands. She'd have loved to just sit there and piss the entire contents of her bladder out... with no one to stop her from relieving herself.

Alas, she wasn't so lucky. Tears came to her eyes, her legs shaking as she finally managed to slow the stream. She finally cut it off, her urethra stinging and her bladder howling for more to be released.

Kira pulled her leggings back up and pushed her dress. She walked back over to Vea and clasped her hands together. Her arms were shaky, uneasy, though her legs were in such a worse state. Her bladder throbbed wildly, only a fraction of its capacity being released in the short minutes it had been allowed to release it.

"Now, remind me..." Lady Laerra crossed her legs. "How long of a drive is it back to your capital?"

"T-Three days, my lady."

"You may release the rest once you get there. That shouldn't be a problem, should it?" Lady Laerra questioned with s devilish smile, leaning forward and taking a sip of her wine. "You're not going to piss yourself, are you queen? I will find out if you do, and you what happens then."

"Of course not, my lady," Kira responded with a shaken voice, though she wasn't certain she could keep her promise. if she could've, she'd have pissed right then and there and would've gladly taken whatever punishment Lady Laerra's could've dished out, but there was more at stake than just her. She had a kingdom to feed and protect, she wasn't going to fail them- quite the opposite, in fact. Kira was going to give it her all, regardless of whether she had to hold another three days or another three months.

"Good. You've got a long ride ahead of you, best hurry along."

"R-Right, yes." She stepped to the right side of the table. "Thank you for your hospitality, my lady. I look forward to our next meeting."

"As do I, Queen Kira."

"Until then." She quickly turned around and heading towards the exit. Vea pushed the door open for her, allowing her to step through first. She shot Lady Laerra an angered glare, but she still kept her little devious grin.

"Vea,"

Her head turned, immediately shutting the door and walking towards her queen. "Yes, my queen?"

Kira was leaned against the wall, her legs pressed together and a hand in her lap. "Let's go."

"Yes, my queen. I'll get the carriage."

*004*2019-04-06 03:30

Thanks for the responses! It takes me a bit to write these, but I'll try to post them as soon as I feel they're ready.

*007*2019-07-02 07:01

{{On 6/28/2019 at 2:33 PM, Omo luna said:

More please

}}

{{On 6/30/2019 at 9:38 AM, daniel2 said:

Continue this pls

}}

I should have the next part have some time soon!

*011*2019-08-28 05:35

Queen Kira squeezed her legs together, her bladder throbbing with each bump they encountered. It had been a little over a day since she had left Lady Laerra's feast, but it felt much longer. Thank the Gods I didn't drink too much. She sighed, resting her hands on both sides of her. Thankfully, she had managed to change out of the large, hot dress, instead opting for a pair of white leggings, with a form-fitting grayish-white dress. Her skirt only ran down a few inches below her knees, and her sleeves a few inches behind her wrists, allowing her more freedom to move. She wore a pair of plain, black leather boots. They more resembled a commoner's rather than anything elegant, though Kira preferred it. Safer that way, especially when she was in a human kingdom.

The small cabin of the carriage offered little in comfort. Two hard wooden seats sat at opposite sides from each other, with two small, wooden doors to her left and right. Curtains had been pulled in front of the doors only allowing a little sunlight inside. There was a small pocket in the wall to her right, with a pitcher of water and two small glasses. It sloshed and splashed with every stop or movement in the cart, only reminding her of her plight. She didn't dare touch it, not with her situation being so dire.

Clouds had formed overhead, keeping the sun's warm glow at bay. They were dark and very large, clearly ready to burst with enough rain to flood the roads and delay their journey by a day or so, but they had decided to keep their large load of p- rain contained, at least for the moment.

We should be near Townsville. She scooted to the door, peeking outside. A thick, lush forest sat at the side of the road, filled to the brim with all sorts of nature and animals. She could see various deer and stags passing in the forest, some stopping to eat, a few even staring at the carriage. Birds sang in the branches above, their sounds soothing and beautiful. Squirrels hopped through the healthy, green grass, quickly scurrying up their trees. Kira smiled dimly. It's so beautiful…

I recall when The Valley looked this way. Her smile faded quickly. Hopefully, it'll return to its former beauty soon enough. The drought has to end eventually. It cannot last forever.

A sudden wave of desperation sent her away from the window. She hissed quietly, clutching her abdomen. Her hand reached into her lap, pressing against her crotch. Nor can I… gods, I need to pee.

She curled up at the center of her seat and crossed her legs as tightly as her dress would allow. Her bladder had been more prone to spasming since Lady Laerra had let her release some of its contents a little over twenty-four hours ago. She almost wished the Lady hadn’t allowed her that respite; it was only making things more difficult. The rest of her pee begged to be released like the small amount which had escaped her body, threatening to make her do something very rash and very unladylike, but she refused. She wouldn't allow her bladder to control her- there was much more at stake than her full bladder or desire to pee, she had people to protect and a kingdom to feed. Nothing was going to stand in her way. She removed her hands, though her legs remained crossed.

Finally, she felt the carriage slow to a stop. She felt the weight from the front shift away, footsteps approaching the cabin.

"We've arrived in Townsville, my queen. I'd suggest grabbing your cloak" Vea opened the door, having already pulled her cloak over her head. She placed a foot inside the carriage. "Nary a moment too soon. The horses are exhausted.'

"Let's hope they recover quickly." Kira slowly eased her way up onto her feet, then bending down to step towards the exit of the carriage and compress her bladder further, which did pain her slightly. She heeded her advice, quickly pulling her cloak over her head, tucking her pointed ears beneath many folds of hair and cloth. It was so much worse standing, but if she had to, she had to.

"I assume we won't be here long, my queen?" Vea took Kira's hand, helping her step out. She too had changed out of her dress, adorned in armor. Her breastplate and pauldrons had been made of chainmail, with mail leggings covering her lower half, and leather gauntlets. She had her short sword at her right hip, and a dagger in its small sheath around her right thigh.

"No, we need to get back to the capital." She said, hurriedly stepping forward, her bladder, yet again, painfully reminding her of its fullness and capacity. They had stopped right outside of the town's limits. Vea had already tied the horse's reins to the coachman's perch. "Are you expecting a fight?"

"It is not likely, my queen, but I'd rather be prepared in case of one." She said, retrieving a brown cloak from the perch at the front of the carriage. "Only the Gods know why Balvern chose here of all places to set up. Anywhere in this kingdom, and he chose here."

"I cannot say that I disagree..." She looked up towards the town, gravel crunching beneath the heels of her boots.

"I must admit, I have my doubts about coming to Balvern for supplies, my queen. Are you sure he's trustworthy?"

"I’d hope so. He knows what it could do to him if he were to reveal us in the middle of a human town, especially after what his king did here. Balvern is many things, but he's no fool."

"Tis true. Then again, perhaps he lost his sanity along with his treasonous usurper…"

“Let’s hope not...“ Kira turned to face her. "Regardless, he is of more use here than in The Valley. I cannot trust him to behave anywhere except here." She said, quickly trying to shift away from the uncomfortable topic.

"As you say, my queen." She nodded. "You are sure you didn't want to take the corset off? It cannot feel comfortable."

"No," Kira placed a hand across her stomach, feeling the ribs of the corset, still painfully compressing her bladder. "It is too large to hide under robes…" She glanced downward, her stomach still poking out slightly, but it looked like she had perhaps gotten a little fat rather than looking like she was with child. A blush spread across her face at the very thought, almost too embarrassing to face. "S-Such a look is not befitting of a q- someone with my status. And we don't need more attention."

"As you wish." She said, notedly leaving out any formalities. Kira breathed a quiet, relieved sigh.

The last thing we need right now is for the humans to find out we're here.

The pair grew silent as they passed by different buildings- ruins, rather. Wooden structures collapsed in on itself, stone cracked and smashed into rubble, smolders and ashes of what once occupied the town. They passed by a watch tower, having long collapsed in long before they arrived. The wood had been slashed and scratched, along with puncture holes and cracked wood. The town had many scars, most of which still had yet to heal.

"No women pissing in the streets!" Kira noted, reading a sign beside a nearby tavern, probably one of the few sturdy buildings left in the town. "Any found doing so will be bound in chains and reported to Lady Laerra."

Duly noted… A chill went down her spine, both at the thought of returning to that cold lady, and from the reminder to her full bladder.

"Balvern should be around here." Vea said, snapping her queen back to reality. "If memory serves, then it should be..." She stepped to the right, walking up to another building. It was a little different than the others, made with Birch wood and cobblestone, rather than the usual oak and brick of the other buildings.

The place was clearly weathered, and had been that way for quite some time. The first wooden step up onto the porch of the shop had been stomped in, the plank broken in two. The window in the center of the door had been scratched and cracked, the only thing seeming to hold it together being the wooden door around it. Stone bricks filled in two large portions in the buildings, at both sides of the door. Glass laid in front of them, pieces of a window frame still uncleaned after seemingly months of being broken.

"By the Holy Mother…" Kira covered her mouth. Vea stepped up onto the first step, making sure to go over the broken plank.

"No blood, unfortunately. Seems the humans’ hatred only extends to vandalism." She offered her hand to her queen. "Though, I must admit, they must be some rather cowardly ones to strike someone as old as Balvern."

"Watch your tongue. The last thing we need is to make a human angry." She yelled in a hushed voice. Vea snickered quietly, assisting her queen up the stairs. "Sir Bandon and his sons have eyes everywhere. Not to mention the lady." She said, her voice a mere hiss by the end of her sentence, one part fear and the other part anger, due in part to her bladder. All she wanted to do was take a squat and let, but that wasn't an option. Neither her nor her bladder were too happy about it.

"You shan't need worry with me by your side." Vea turned to her with a confident smile. "Even if we're dealing with a man like Balvern or a woman like Lady Laerra."

Kira nodded with a small smile, taking a deep breath and steeling herself. Vea opened the door and stepped inside, holding the door and allowing her to walk through.

Inside sat an old, frail man, in a small chair behind a wooden counter. He didn't have a single hair atop his head, and only a few long white hairs on his chin. The point of his ears drooped slightly, wrinkled, and a frown etched into his stone face. His body was long and lanky, only skin and bones seemingly holding the elderly elf up. He had only a plain, long brown cloak, with a piece of rope tied around his waist to keep it from slipping off of him. A dagger sat at his hip, one of his old hands already placed on its hilt. He stood up, rather quickly for a man of his age.

"I thought I heard someone." He spoke, his voice raspy and tired. With a quick glance, he easily recognized them. "The mouse lady and her cat, I assume?"

"The queen and her adviser." Vea corrected duly, pulling her cloak off. "We need supplies for the road."

"Ah, seems you both have left your manners with the liege lady." Balvern removed his hand from the dagger, kneeling beneath the counter. Vea sighed quite audibly. "Or perhaps it's being in the comfort of The Valley that made you this way?

"We need not your wit, Balvern. Just a loaf of bread and two pouches of water."

"You were always a rude little beast," He rose a small smirk on his face. "And the lady is as meek as always. Seems like she intends to make herself a servant to those humans." Balvern pulled up a loaf of bread from beneath the counter. "I wonder… how long can you wear a crown before the pressure is too much to bear?" Kira could see her adviser getting more annoyed with each word he spoke. His acts were growing tiresome to her as well.

"I shan't allow what you and your king did ruin our relationship with the humans. We need them." She spoke loudly and clearly, which only elicited a chuckle out the decrepit elf.

"You’re working with snakes, girl. Eventually, you'll be bitten."

"I cannot sit idly by and allow your acts of cruelty to define us. The humans will come to trust us again, in time."

He scoffed. "If you truly believe that, then you're as daft as you are cowardly."

Kira opened her mouth to protest-

"Have you no idea of what she's done to protect us?!"

"Oh, aye. I'm sure the little mouse has had her fill. Without passing her waters, I'd say she must be ready to burst." Balvern reached beneath the counter, pulling out leather pouch, water sloshing around the inside. He gave it a rough shake, the contents sloshing around violently. She flinched slightly, but managed not to embarrass herself any further.

Vea growled, leaning forward. She reached under the counter, managing to reach past his slow hands and pulling out the remaining half of the requested supplies. The old man's smirk quickly turned into a frown, his fun coming to an abrupt end.

"There," She grinned, quite pleased with herself. "Now, how much do we owe you? We really must be going."

Balvern paused. His frown remained strong and stoic, before he spoke again. "How's about I throw in an extra loaf and some wine? No extra charge, just need somethin' from the mouse."

"Nay, we shan't-"

"It's a long way back to The Valley. I'm sure you and the mouse would rather not stop at every town." He proposed. In a single motion, he lifted a glass bottle of wine- enough to easily fill a pitcher or two, along with another loaf of bread. "And I don't think the mouse would like to be delayed any longer than necessary. I'll even give ya a better price if you do it."

The pair exchanged glances between each other. We could use those… Kira pursed her lips.

"What would you ask of me?" She questioned. The edges of his lips curled. "One moment," He reached beneath the counter a final time his chair creaking as he bent down low to grab something.

To her bewilderment, he pulled out a large glass of water, the same size as the wine, and just as full. "Drink that, and they're yours."

"No, we'll be on our way." Kira spoke quickly, turning to her adviser. She nodded, quickly placing a few coins on the table before she took their supplies and put them into her pouch, turning to walk away.

"Ah- I don't think you want to do that, mouse."

"I do. Goodbye, Balvern." She didn't even bother to turn to him, opening the door.

"Lady Laerra will not be happy, then…"

Kira froze, her hand on the doorknob. She turned back to him, questioning if she had heard him correctly.

"I'll have to go to her palace then, tell her that you ended up coming to my shop beggin' to use me chamber pot. Me, bein' a good merchant in her lands and knowing about your little deal, denied you the privilege, and would have no choice but to let her know. The little mouse gets no relief, and the bastards in this damned town treat me with respect." He grinned, leaning back in his chair.

"You wouldn't." Vea stared at the traitorous elf with such hatred, Kira feared she might lash out at the old man.

"Let's find out, then. The Valley is a two-day ride from here, I could be at Lady Laerra’s Keep tomorrow morning if need be. If you’re willing to bet your queen’s wellness, then walk out." He pointed to the door. "Go on, if you're confident."

Vea took hold of the hilt. “I shan’t allow you to dishonor her.”

"Vea, calm yourself. Release your weapon." She warned, turning to her.

"My queen, we mustn't allow him to act this way unpunished." She stared at him, already envisioning herself cutting him into pieces.

"Not here, not now. The humans mustn't know we're here."

"Listen to her, girl. You're not in your kingdom now."

Vea growled, but relented, knowing the pair of them were right. Her hands balled up at her sides, almost shaking from anger.

Kira held the door handle. He's bluffing. As if she’d believe him. She told herself, trying to will herself out of the door. But, they were just looking for an excuse to make me hold it longer… I barely got this break. She squeezed her thighs together. Her bladder ached wildly, all her pee weighing her down. A… and I don't know if I can hold it another couple of days, let alone however long she makes me wait.

"Fine." Kira huffed. She couldn't risk it. He reached down, grabbing the glass bottle of water.

Balvern reached beneath the counter, retrieving another. "Two now. Lest you'd like to continue on with holding your piss for the next few months."

She'd rather not, though she knew it would be a struggle to. The two bottles seemed suddenly bigger now that she'd have to drink them. Alas, they weren't going to get any smaller staring at them.

She took hold of the bottle. Her hand trembled, her body almost trying to will herself away from the liquid. The strength waned from her hand, yet she forced it up, placing the lip of the bottle in her mouth. She tipped the bottle back, taking large gulps. Every mouthful of water made her bladder tighten and tremble, pushing against her corset. Her heart raced and her legs shook, though she kept them apart. Both her hands shook, both struggling not to tear her dress apart and stick her hand into her panties.

The bottle made little glugs with every mouthful, though she could feel the bottle getting lighter. Kira took a few more swigs, finishing off the bottle. She slammed it on the table, taking a few deep breaths. Gods… A hand moved to her stomach. Her stomach felt tight, her belly quickly filling with the excess water. It weighed down on her bladder, only making her desperation worse.

She sat the empty bottle down, turning her attention to the filled one. Without hesitation, she took the other into her hand and started gulping it down, not wanting to give the insidious elf any more of a show than he was already getting. She tried to keep her face expressionless, though it was becoming difficult, what with her stomach and her bladder giving her cramps and aches simultaneously.

She guzzled down the cool water, braving through both her need to pee and her ever-filling stomach. Her throat clenched, her body almost refusing the excess liquids being shoved into her, but she couldn't give in! Only a little more!

Finally, mercifully, she gulped down the last bit of water, panting quietly as she sat the bottle down. A wave of nausea hit here as she looked back up to Balvern, wearing a smug smile. "Very good, little mouse. You've earned your keep." He reached beneath the counter and grabbed a bottle of wine and a loaf.of bread, setting them in front of her. She shot a hateful look up at him, with such ferocity that she almost expected to immolate him.

And you'll have earned yours when the time comes, traitor. She cursed him internally, though she held her tongue. A wave of nausea hit her suddenly, the final few gulps of water hitting her stomach. Both her bladder and her stomach felt as hard as a rock.

"Thank you. We really should be on our way." Vea said, somehow managing a calm tone through her bared teeth.

"Aye. Try not to burst before you reach The Valley." He grinned. Vea quickly took hold of the items, turning away and stepping to the door. Kira followed behind her without another word

Vea quickly grabbed them, turning away and taking Kira by her wrist. Without another word, the pair rushed out into the world the steps. Vea slammed the door behind them, walking back down the path and towards the carriage.

"That hypocritical, lying, treasonous bastard!" She huffed beneath her breath, stomping her way back to the carriage. "I should've struck down the fool when I had the chance, consequences be damned!"

Kira barely kept up with her pace, a bladder and a belly full of liquids weighing her down.

"If he thinks that I'll sit impotently by and allow him to disrespect you, he's surely mistaken! He will regret this, that I can guarantee!”

"Ve-a! Slow down!" She pressed her hand into the lap of her dress. Very improper, but she felt she'd burst if she didn't.

Vea slowed as they neared the carriage, thankfully giving Kira’s bladder a chance to rest. She slowly hobbled over to the door, resting on the steps up to it. She turned back to her, lowering her head. “Forgive my anger, my queen. The bastard got the better of me.”

“No need. That vile man deserved it.” She said, her voice waning in strength as she slowly hobbled over to the carriage. Each step felt like a challenge, only adding to her pained bladder’s plight to keep its contents contained. It throbbed wildly, sending both hands between her legs. Vea quickly stepped in front of her, shielding her from any wondering eyes.

“My stomach…” She plopped down on the steps into the cabin, hissing quietly as both her bladder and her stomach’s waters sloshed around inside of her. God’s, she would be glad once she made it back to The Valley.

“He won’t get away with it, that I can assure you of.” Vea swore, reaching over Kira and cracking the door to the cabin open. “We shouldn’t stay here any longer, we need to be near River Malios by nightfall.” She helped Kira stand, pushing her up into the cart. “Then, Gods willing, it should only be a day’s ride back to The Valley, perhaps less.”

“We can hope.”

Vea sat the supplies down beside her, Kira barely managing not to squirm in front of her adviser and protector. She prayed the Gods would be willing to let them get there that easily, though she didn’t expect it to play out that way.

