Watering the Crops (Stardew Valley)

Author: UnDefined_404

*000*2019-07-16 04:37

Olivia was a new farmer in a valley named “Stardew Valley”. Recently, she inherited a huge farm from her grandfather, and was set on enjoying here new life on her farm. She just moved in, and now it was time to start planting some crops for the season...

Olivia was in town at the saloon at night, talking and meeting some new people. Currently talking to Lewis and Robin, she asked “By the way, is there a outhouse or bathroom somewhere on my farm?”. Lewis responded with “No, your grandfather usually used the bathroom at the community center, but now that’s in ruins...”. Robin also said “I think there’s an old plumbing system at your farm, once you got enough money, I can build one for you!”. After Robin said that, Gus announced “Saloon’s closing! Finish your beers, and have a good night!”. Olivia then waved to everyone, as she left to her farm for the night.

As Olivia was leaving the saloon and walking back to her farm she thought about her bathroom situation. Earlier during the day, not knowing what to do, she ran into Pierre’s store in a desperate run, begging for a bathroom, and Pierre simply laughed and showed her to his personal bathroom. But she couldn’t keep doing that forever, right? Anyways, she thought that she’ll think about it tomorrow. But as Oliva was heading to bed, she could feel her 2 beers that she drank at the saloon starting to make their way to her bladder...

@@The next day, Olivia woke up with a slight pang in her bladder. She just shrugged it off, remembering that it’s the 2nd day of spring, and that she should start planting the seasons crops. So Olivia got out of bed and started to get some breakfast. She pulled out of her chest a salad she bought the previous day, and a few bottles of water. Olivia quickly chugged down her water and ate the salad, and being ready for the day, stepped out of her house. Looking to her right, Olivia saw the ideal area for planting covered in weeds. “Aw, shit” she said to herself, pulling out her scythe, and started to cut the weeds. After about and hour, she was done, and it was time to start planting. Chugging down another bottle of water, she pulled out a hoe to till the ground. As she did, Olivia realized all of the water and beer from last night really starting to fill up her bladder. She guessed she was about at a 6/10, and that it could wait until she was done planting the crops. So Olivia started to till the ground, 4 3x3 squares for her parsnips and potatoes. After about 30 minutes, she was done, also gulping down another bottle in the process. Really starting to feel desperate, Olivia planted her parsnips and potatoes in the freshly filled ground. The last step was to water them. She pulled out her watering can, which was already full of water. Walking across the ground, Olivia watered her parsnips, this time pressing her legs together, the sight of water making her more desperate.

@@After watering her crops, parsnips, now she had to water her potatoes. As she walked over to them, now starting to tremble from all of her built up pee, not paying attention to where she was going, Olivia tripped on a rock. As she fell onto the ground, Olivia accidentally let out a 4 second spurt into her overalls. When she looked at her pants, her face turned red as she saw a wet spot about the size of her fist on here pants. “Crap, I.. don’t think I’m gonna make it...” she said. But as Olivia looked at her empty watering can, she had an idea. Olivia walked over to her potato seeds, accidentally letting out a spurt on the way. Olivia remembered something that she read online once about pee being good for plants. Olivia, smiling about the naughty act she was about to comment, looked around checking for people as she pulled up her hair into a ponytail. Olivia then unbuckled her overalls and pulled down her pants, now standing there in a shirt and panties. Olivia’s face again turned red as she pulled down her panties, showing her exposed vagina to the world. Finally, Olivia pulled open her labia, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. Soon, pee started coming out of her lower exit, cascading onto the potato seeds. Captured in her releif, Olivia let out a “Ahhhh” sound. Olivia already knew how to pee standing, despite living in the city. But, Olivia nearly forgot one of her main purposes of doing this - to fertilize the crops! She quickly remembered that, and walked around her crops, making sure to pee on as many as she could. As her stream slowed down, she managed to “Water” all of her potatoes and a few of her parsnips. Olivia then picked up her panties and overalls and put them back on. Olivia then looked at her watch and realized it was starting to get late. So, she went back to her house, and went to bed

