Desperate Ascension

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-02-27 15:17

Summary: A woman ends up stuck in her apartment elevator. She makes repeated attempts to call for help but to no avail. Eventually, she is unable to hold it and has an accident. Following her accident, the elevator starts working and ascends to her floor.

Title: Desperate Ascension

Content:

- need to urinate

- stuck in the elevator

- accidental urination

Characters:

- Xenobia Watson

Plot: It was a Saturday evening in the city. As usual, the streets were quiet and empty during the covid19 pandemic. However, the night life still boomed with energy. There were still dumb super spreader events and cops abound. Many protested against the covid19 mandated social distancing guidelines and mask wearing (like the protest on the I-817 expressway in Bursting in a Jam pee fiction story).

Some rebelled by holding outside gatherings for partying while others did it secretly. Such underground gatherings were akin to the 1920's gatherings done in secret to rebel aginst Amendment 18. In the 1920's America, such gatherings were performed to continue the sale of alcohol despite Amendment 18 prohibiting the sale of alcohol.

The gatherings done here and now opposed social distancing and mask wearing. One such gathering took place amongst a couple of tenants at 371 Redwing Avenue. The tenant Mrs. Falko was hosting the gatherings in her apartment. Although not all tenants attended or even knew, those that did would attend.

371 Redwing Avenue was a high rise building and the gathering was usually a quiet gathering for food, some music (nothing loud or disturbing), and the drinks weren't alcoholic. Instead it was soda, water, and juice. The maximum number pf attendees was 20 people. This was a gathering for the sake of hanging out with friends and expressing their right to gather freely.

Attending Mrs. Falko's gatherings were a big stress relief. It allowed the attendees to forget about covid19, to feel some normalcy, and meet new people. Tonight was no different. Of course everyone had to test negative and be completely healthy. These days, being sick meant being treated as a ticking time bomb for covid19, even if the patient didn't have covid19. The attendees had to behave themselves, arrive and attend discreetly. If they woke up the other tenants, they might call the police.

One of the tenants and members of the gathering was Xenobia Watson. She was a pretty 29-year old computer technician and a successful graphic designer. She loved going to concerts, the beach, ball games, nice restaurants (like Ruby Tuesday), and Starbucks for coffee with her friends.

The pandemic ruined all that and now she had to be mindful of her surroundings, as well as keeping herself clean and safe. She disliked not being able to go outside and live life as normally before the pandemic. Furthermore, she didn't like the idea that government controlled how people assembled. However, she didn't want to get sick and die either.

Attending Mrs. Falko's gatherings was time Xenobia enjoyed very much. For Xenobia, spending time here was time away from the pandemic and meeting new people. Most important of all, she enjoyed Mrs. Falko's good humor and stories from her past.

Tonight's gathering ended at around 11 pm Saturday night. But she chose to stay an hour later to help clean up. It was now 12 am Sunday morning and she was ready to leave for her apartment. Xenobia always took the elevator due to being too sleepy to take the stairs.

Xenobia pressed the 'up' arrow button and waited for the elevator. She yawned a big one. "Oh man I'm tired. Can't wait to get back to my apartment and take a pee.". Xenobia was a huge fruit punch girl, and drank lots of it. As a result, she had a need to urinate and the signals in her lower region stated it was time to go. Luckily, she wasn't desperate.

The doors to the elevator opened and she entered. She pressed the '12' button followed by the 'door close' button. The doors to the elevator closed and started rising. Xenobia was standing against the railing while trying not to fall asleep. After about minute, she was at floor 11 and relief overcame her. "Almost there Xena. Just another two seconds" she told herself. Then disaster struck.

A clunk noise followed by an abrupt jerking motion and a complete stop occurred. The lights went out, replaced by red emergency lights. During thr abrupt jerking motion, she lost her balance for a moment, grabbing the railing. She stayed still for a couple of seconds, making sure it was okay to move around. For all she knew the elevator wasn't stable.

Once she felt safe to move around, Xenobia carefully walked over to the button panel. Xenobia pressed the emergency intercom button to call for help. No one answered. Xenobia pressed the emergency intercom button again, but no one answered. 'What's going on? Why is no one answering?' she wondered. Then she remembered rhe overnight hours for building management were cut thanks to the pandemic.

Xenobia pulled out her cell phone to call her friends. The first person she called was Verginya Vortmin, a fellow tenant on the 8th floor. Verginya was one of the attendees at Mrs. Falko's gathering. Xenobia selected her contacts app, then selected Verginya's name, and pressed the call function. Xenobia only heard silence. No dial tone meant no phone reception. No reception meant no call made.

Xenobia tried calling Verginya again, but nothing happened. Again, Xenobia tried calling Verginya on her landline. Still, nothing. 'What is going on? What happened to the phone reception?' she thought. Xenobia tried calling one of the other tenants, like Mrs. Falko. 'If anyone knows how to get out of a jam like this, Mrs. Falko would know'.

She tried calling Mrs. Falko on her landline. Again nothing happened. She tried a few other tenants she was close with. Still, no one responded. Now she was becoming worried. She had no idea what happened and no way to call for help.

Another worse fear added to her anxiety. Not only was she trapped, but that she would be trapped for an indeterminate amount of time. How long before anyone knew where she was or that one of the elevators wasn't working. Xenobia just wanted to go back to her apartment and use her bathroom. Being stuck here was not part of her plan.

So all she could do was wait. She can't leave and can't call someone. Xenobia just stood there waiting for several minutes. The silence was deafening along with the feeling of being trapped. It would probably take until 9 am since it is a weekend. That was more than 8 hours away.

Xenobia squatted down into a sitting position with her arms wrapped around her knees. That way she could fall asleep in her lap and not tip over in her sleepiness. She wondered why this happened now of all times. The elevator couldn't just wait until she got off? And for over 8 hours, she had to endure this? Rediculous! And she still had to use the bathroom. 'Hopefully, the elevator works again.' Xenobia thought. After 20 minutes, Xenobia was still trapped and nothing changed.

It was now 12:30 am and she was becoming annoyed. "How long is this going to take? Does anyone know there is a problem? Does anyone know where I am?" Xenobia moaned. She wanted to get out and soon. It was stupid that she wasn't freed yet. Xenobia got up and tried to call for help using the emergency button on the elevator button panel. Again, no one replied each time she pressed the button. Xenobia tried to call her closest tenants by phone again, but to no avail.

Xenobia tried texting these same tenants. But each time, there was an error message. The error message stated the texts didn't go through. At last, Xenobia accepted her fate. For the next several hours, she waited for the elevator to work. There was no way she was going to stay asleep and miss her chance to leave when the doors open. And if she falls asleep, she might wet herself.

She tried saying awake, listening to music, watching a YouTube video on dark matter, playing a phone app game, and even counting sheep. But eventually, she had to stop using her phone. Her phone was about to lose charge, so counting sheep was the only thing she could do to stay awake. But boy it was a difficult task. Countless times, she almost fell asleep. But the time was passing by slowly yet steadily. Little by little, the sugar in her body was being processed. Her need grew to mild desperation too.

That was about 1 pm. But after 5 hours Xenobia was still fast asleep. She tried to stay awake but her need to sleep finally overtook her. Xenobia was fast asleep unaware of what happens next. It also meant being unable to stop a flood. In her sleep, Xenobia kept urinating in her jeans several times. Her urination left a huge dark spot on her jeans and some pooling underneath her bottom

Sixty minutes later, the elevator started up again and took Xenobia to her floor. The doors opened and remained open for about 30 seconds. Just as they were closing, someone stopped the doors from closing with a hand. It was Xenobia Watson. She woke up and saved herself an unnecessary trip downstairs. With that she made her way to her apartment, opened the door, and went to her bathroom.

She pulled down her jeans and thong, and sat on the toilet. Sadly she waited for about 30 seconds but nothing came out. She wondered why and what happened to her pent up urine. Just then, she caught a smell of urine but didn't know where it came from. Once she saw her thong she learned what happened.

She saw the huge yellow stain on her red thong, and the wrinkles on her thong. It smelled of urine big time. She also saw the dried up urine stain on her jeans too. "Seriously, I can't believe this.". It dawned on her she must have gone while asleep. Xenobia also realized her urine might be in the elevator car. Anyone going inside might notice.

For the whole rest of the day, she chose not to leave her apartment room. If anyone asked about her whereabouts, her excuse was that she was asleep in her apartment. Xenobia took her clothes off, then went for a shower. After that, she went to bed for several hours. She would awake again at 4pm later that Sunday.

As for the reason for the elevator stopping where it did, the source was outside the building. A drunk driver hit a transformer electrical pole. The pole fell down, along with snapped power lines which affected her block. Electrical crews were called in immediately and resolved the issue just as fast.

