Collection of femdom omorashi stories

Author: Utnapishtim

*000*2024-03-18 18:05

After taking a bit of a break, I decided to add another story to my collection. All the stories involve desperate men and women observing them. I have two other stories on my wattpad as well if you like the genre. All free to read, no account or anything needed.

Link to the collection: https://www.wattpad.com/story/355099901-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

New story:

*5) Stuck Elevator Desperation - 3k words, an professional assistant makes sure her boss is extra hydrated and plans a little fun involving an elevator. Her handsome employer gets frantic while they wait*

%https://www.wattpad.com/1431545074-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

Others:

1) The Desperate Experiment - 4k words, a guy signs of up a psych study and has to hold on for dear life it he wants to make it to the bathroom dry. Also mild female desperation.

%https://www.wattpad.com/1393610365-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

2) Desperate Car Sex - 1k words, a guy bottoms while his bladder is bursting

%https://www.wattpad.com/1393610464-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

3) The Desperate and Deadly Game - 4k words, a guy is KIDNAPPED and forced to hold his pee, if he leaks too much he will be KILLED

%https://www.wattpad.com/1393610784-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

4) Locked Pants and Bursting Boyfriend - 3K words, a guy agrees to having his pants locked and walk around main street with as much as he can drink until his girlfriend agrees unlocks him, and she wants to savor the situation!

%https://www.wattpad.com/1408794767-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

Let me know your thoughts if you end up taking a look. #3 is a bit intense fair warning. The story collection was a bit of an experiment, so I might go back to single shorts since it seems like a hassle.

$

$

$

$

*003*2024-04-27 23:18

Those are some very good stories! I'd love to see a longer thread of these.

