Bursting cheerleading

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-01-19 03:39

It was another hot and sunny day in the month of June. The sky was ablaze with a sea of red, orange, and scarlet. At the source was the singularity from which the light emanated from. It was the setting sun appearing fiery as it set. The wind was ever so slight and almost non-existent that the grass hardly ever moved.

It was noisy in town and on the side streets below as people left for home from their day jobs or school. Others drove to work or school which took place during the later and evening hours of the day. But in one particular location, the scene was teeming with an energy that was energizing.

"RaRa let's go Pumas Gooooooo Pumas!" said some girls in a loud song like manner. People kept coming in for what was a huge spectacle, and settling upon a huge structure of which only became higher with each step. The crowd of people spoke as they socialized with each other awaiting something to begin.

Another chanting occurred for a other team saying "Jaguars Jaguars they're the best!". It was the final inter high school soccer tournament between Nolan James High School boys soccer team, and Chester Arthur High School boys soccer team. And before the finals/regents.

This year was the year these two schools would finally break the tie. It would help to determine which school had the best soccer team in the district. And it was the final game of the senior year for these two soccer teams. The game was about to start soon and both teams were taking their positions. Last minute preparations were being made before the start of the game.

Nolan James's team was the Pumas. Chester Arthur's team was the Jaguars. The Pumas wore red with black sleeves and strips on the sides of the shorts, and the team logo on black. The Jaguars wore green with blue sleeves and strips on the sides of their shorts, and their team logo in blue. The teams were accompanied by their respective cheerleaders.

Nolan James cheerleaders wore white sleeveless shirt and skirt with yellow around the holes for the arms and the hem of the skirt, and the team logo in yellow. The Chester Arthur Jaguars wore blue sleeveless shirt and skirt with green around the arms and hem of their skirt, and color for their team logo.

Both cheerleaders did their respective dances to cheer fo their school team. Both soccer teams were all boys teams while the cheerleaders were all girls. And of course everyone was a senior 18 years and older. It was only a matter of a few minutes before the game started and the excitement was building. All the parents and school staff, including class president for the seniors Gretchen Grayson was ecstatic.

Octavia Starr, who normally didn't show up for sports events, was excited. She even had a pen and notepad to document the events of this game. Everyone was psyched for the game. But there was one who wasn't as she didn't seem right. And that was Hortense Howard. For some reason, she seemed out of sorts not being in sync with the team.

She danced a little stiffly and sort of, slower. She missed some of the rehearsed steps and missed a few of the words for cheering. She also spoke in a strained manner. "Rrrrrra rra l-lets go P-pumas ...". Thought a few members of the team did notice but their focus was on the game. The team captain, however, took notice and chose to address it.

She spoke with authority and showed her unhappiness. "Get it together or else. You are about to make our school look bad. Remember your lines and the poses. Don't make me tell you again!" said the Pumas cheerleading team captain. Hortense tried to make an excuse but the captain of the Pumas cheerkeading squad didn't care to hear it.

By the way, the captain's name was Kassiana Kord. She was the best cheerleader in the school and made it to the rank of captain. Her dedication and spirit combined with her athleticism second only to Marino Middletown (who turned down the role) took the role for the school.

*001*2023-01-22 16:08

Just then, the signal to begin playing the game was given. Both teams' offensive players began vying for the soccer ball immediately. The cheerleading squads cheered loudly for their respective teams. The Pumas star player Damon Hastings had the ball in his position as he made a quick b-line for the Jaguars goal post.

The Pumas cheerleading squad along with everyone from Nolan James High School became ecstatic. Even Octavia was glued to the spectacle of the Damon's momentum. Kassiana cheered loudly a d passionately above the rest of her team as per her obligation as captain. But still, Hortense behaved oddly.

She stood there thighs and knees pressed together. She clutched the part of her skirt that covered her crotch area, bent forward and focused on something else. She had this worried and strained look on her face. She wanted to be here but a more pressing matter took hold of her at the moment. What was it?

Someone from the stands noticed this and comment to her husband. "What's Hortense doing? Is she alright?". The husband replied "I don't know but she better get it together!". Luckily, majority of the crowd was so focused on Damon they didn't notice Hortense holding herself like a little school girl.

After 20 seconds, she stood a little more upright and rejoined her squad for cheering, albeit falling behind a little and missing a step or two. She had to do certain poses like waving her pompoms, spinning on one foot, making each letter of the team name with her body, lifting one leg and times bending the lifted leg towards the other leg (followed by holding that pose while keeping one pompom on her hip and the other raised in the air).

The poses she was nervous about were to do a sort of split after a jump. She had to jump off the ground, widen the legs, and come back down standing with her legs apart. She would eventually have to lock hands and do a karaoke for fifteen minutes (as seen by lady performers at Radio Music City theature shows). And that the worst was the pyramid.

Hortense dreaded these poses right now and wished she could leave. She could feel swishing and what felt like the dam might break. As usual, she had to pee so badly and this time she couldn't run into the boy's bathroom. (Please Bursting School Day Bladders). For the first 15 minutes of the game, the crowd went crazy as the Pumas made the first 3 goal scores for Nolan James High. As if this moment, she just wanted the bathroom.

But she couldn't leave for it and asking in the middle of a game was embarrassing. That meant missing out on cheering for the school team. Plus, bathrooms were usually kept off limits and only portable outside bathroom stalls were in use. But Hortense was a cheerleader and as such, cheerleaders had to remain on the field until the game was over. That meant no bathroom breaks.

Luckily it wasn't cold like that day in April (when so many seniors were in danger of wetting themselves.). Hortense was having difficulty keeping up with the routine and saying the words. "RaRa go Pumas ... Pumas ... they can win ... and .... no one can." While the team was in sync, she was about 2 steps behind the rest of the squad. At times she stopped to hold herself when she felt a wave of desperation become significant.

She tried to do it when her squad wasn't looking but one time she wasn't lucky. This time, she had to stop because her wave of desperation became very bad and she had to stop to hold herself. She pee danced a little and winced. She even had her hands wedged in her crotched under her skirt. Oh boy! Deep down inside her captain was fuming. She kept cheering but she wanted scream at Hortense.

One of the cheerleaders tapped Hortense on her shoulder to remind her of the situation around her. It was Jiji Jameson. Not only that, but she also go Hortense to see that some of the girls from the Jaguars cheerleading squad took notice too. The husband and wife from before and a few others took notice too. Especially these two. "Is she okay? What is she doing over .... oh no don't tell me she. Oh girl!". "The husband replied "That girl is killing us!".

*002*2023-01-23 01:02

After 15 minutes, the game came to its first 5-minute break. The players stopped for their break and rehydration. The Pumas captain Frederick Morton called his team for a meeting to regroup and restrategize. Same with the other team. The cheerleaders on both sides kept cheering with the exception of of some who went for a quick sip for rehydration.

But as for the Pumas cheerleading team, they had a different problem. That was in the form of Hortense Howard. She stood there bobbing up and down. Just as the Pumas squad came to a stop, she tried to make a b-line for the portable bathrooms to pee. But when she got there, a queue already formed. The men and boys moved a little quickly but the females took awhile as usual.

Hortense stood there holding herself like a school girl. She bobbed and down having a small soliloquy. "Damn it. I just got here and already a line forms. Gawd I have to pee." Suddenly, she flinched and almost spurted onto herself. She was aggressively approached by her squad captain Kassiana Kord. "What the hell was that? Your performance and appearance was appalling!".

Hortense stood there while bobbing up and down, as she was bombarded with scolding by her team captain. "Do you have any idea how embarrassed I feel when I have to explain to someone who asks why one of my cheerleaders is behaving like a weirdo? It's embarrassing!" Kassiana snapped. Hortense asked in a shaky manner "S-someone said s-something?".

"Of course! Damn it what do you think I'm saying. Don't you hear me?" Kassiana replied. Hortense couldn't believe it that someone other than her team members saw her hold herself like a school girl. "Hey. Look at your captain when he/she speaks to you. It's rude! No hey forget the damn line and focus on your responsibilities for our school. I didn't take you on so you could screw this up for us. Wake up! And the game is about to start again. Get back there NOW!"

Hortense looked back at the line, then at her captain. She tried to ask again for the bathroom. "B-but I have to-". Captain Kord cut her off as she ordered her to return to the field. Hortense saw the line lessen a little but it wasn't enough. There was little time to wait and Kassiana herded her back to the soccer field. She tried to hold it back as she was brought back and in position.

Just as she got back, it was game time. The Pumas led by their star offensive player Damon Hastings. But 5 seconds later, he was cut short by the Jaguars star offensive player Gavin Fines. Gavin tool the ball and the lead towards the Pumas side goal post. The Jaguars cheerleading squad was ecstatic, increasing their intensity for cheering. The Pumas upped the antenna with their cheering too. They chanted "Pumas Pumas let's go Pumas Gooooooo Pumas!".

But as usual Hortense was awkwardly moving and missing steps. She stood behind the rest of her squad as she suddenly had another wave of desperation come by her. She stood with her torso bent forward and her legs forward too. She tried to hold it which meant she had to stop. Again, she was tapped by Jiji who made a serious facial expression before returning her gaze to the game. Hortense understood what was at stake but she didn't want to wet herself either.

Hortense looked at the game going on and also caught a few Jaguars cheerleading substitutes snickering as they pointed fingers at her. They could tell Hortense had to pee and one of them laughed at her expense. This gave Hortense the impedus to get it together despite her exit dam churning due to the pressure set against it. She desperately had to go sososo badly. And as usual, she always made it a habit of waiting too long.

The husband and wife from before tried to enjoy the game but they couldn't help but focus on Hortense. "That girl has embarrassed us enough. I should get down there." The wife stopped him as he wasn't allowed to upstage the cheerleaders or the soccer players. "We just have to remain here Wilson.". Wilson replied "I won't let that ditsy girl ruin this for us!". He felt the school's reputation was on the line and one stupid girl shouldn't ruin that.

*004*2023-01-24 20:31

I hope to make this time a good one.

*006*2023-01-28 21:49

The Pumas and Jaguars went toe to toe scoring one after the other. The crowd buzzed with excitement as parents rooted for their child to win for their school. Even the school principals were arguing with each other who was the school team. Gretchen being class president behaved more docile than usual. She was maturing real fast thanks to the job and Octavia.

The Pumas led by their star Damon were locked in a battle for the soccer ball with the Jaguars star player Gavin. Both cheerleading squads were intense cheering. Neither side wanted their star player to lose at all. But Hortense was still falling behind. It was 5:32 pm and still the second quarter of the game. At first, she got it together but that faded soon after.

Again, she found herself in danger of wetting herself. She did the jumping and lifting one leg up. But that eventually made things worse. Not to mention, she kept her skirt down over her lower region. At times, she had to hold herself and ... for another reason. But now, she moved stiffly and the only thing on her mind was the chance for a toilet break.

She longed for the break as her previous one was held up by a long line. She figured it wasn't too long now before the next break and she had half a mind to dash over to the restrooms. She looked back occasionally to see the bathrooms available. No queue period. Now was her chance. But how was she to sneak off.

The rest of her squad was so focused on Damon and his closest team members, looking to their left. Hortense was on their right. She was about to sneak off when her urge to go worsened again. This time, her urethra throbbed and quivered as the pressure from holding was stronger and more intense. Hortense was running out of time.

She had been holding in what was a sea of golden liquid due to her gluttonous nature. She always drank too much during lunch break and especially during this very hot day. The air conditioning didn't work and the classrooms were humid. At least the windows were open but she kept drinking water the whole day.

It finally made her way to her bladder, accumulating and eventually making its way to the exit hole. She always waited too long just like the last two times she ran into the cafeteria boys bathroom. This time, she was unable to even use the bathroom. A few of the Pumas squad knew this but their captain didnt know her very well.

Kassiana Kord just became cheerleading captin for the school cheerleading squad. Hortense woiod try to hide her desperation from her as well as the fact that she didnt drink this much water in the afternoons. Today was abnormally hot and she drank way more than usual, and waiting too long.

Plus, she was sluggishly lazy and didn't feel like making a trip. Furthermore, she slept after last class outside in her car. She woke up 10 minutes before the game started. She ran inside only to be met by her captain. Kassiana was annoyed seeing Hortense almost late, ordered her to get dressed, ushered her outside. Hortense was desperate then and even more now.

She had to pee and unlike A.A., her willpower was more pitiful. But she could last a little bit. At least A.A. (who had a fee diuretic pills in her system lasted a whole day despite spurting several times. Hortense was holding herself while trying to do the poses and failing to keep up. She spoke strained and softly too.

At last, the second 5-minute break signal was given. Hortense quickly turned away. Her captain called out for a team meeting but Hortense didn't care as she was already several feet away. She could see her ticket for relief right in front of her past the fence separating the players and the spectators on the bleachers.

She walked awkwardly and in small strides. She bobbed up and down at one point, keeping her hands wedged between her legs. She was 2 yards away when suddenly, a hand spun Hortense around. Kassiana was turning beet red and Hortense was stopped in her tracks. She lost her balance a little bit.

In the process, a few drops emerged from her and onto the inside of her thighs pressed together. "Excuse me we have a quick meeting. Get your butt back there now!". But Hortense had to pee or else. She just had to go. "But-" "NOW! Get back there!". But Hortense didn't want. "I need a pee now!".

Kassiana didn't want to listen to little school whining. "Get back ... hey get back here. Don't walk away from me.". Hortense was going to hear it now. "You do as your told and get back that team spirit. Our team's ends precede your own. This is for our school. So buck up and hold your water."

Hortense was taken aback and turned towards the bathroom stall only to find the door shut closed. Hortense ran over to the door and tried to open it only to find it locked. "She banged on the door and asked to be let in. But the person inside didn't respond. Kassiana herded Hortense back to the field with Hortense protesting and spurting a few times as she was forced back to the field.

Inside the stall was the 12th grade germphobe girl (Please see Bursting School Day Bladders!). She proceeded to wipe down the toilet seat thoroughly and repeatedly followed by the flush handle, the sink, and soap dispenser. And do it very slowly. She always took her sweat time. She was hated for this but strangely never picked on.

The game was back on and Hortense was in worse shape now that missed another opportunity to pee. She was severely desperate for relief. And she needed it badly. The Pumas cheered for Damon, the team, and the school. "Damon Damon he's our man gooOOOO Pumas go Nolan High!".

Hortense had to start doing the rocket posed to lift up the leg and lock hands with two cheerleaders on either side of her. She couldn't hold herself and smif she had another bad wave of desperation (worse than she was having now), forget it. And let's not forget the pyramid.

*007*2023-01-29 01:35

For Hortense, lifting her leg was going to be trouble. As it was, her wave of desperation throbbed as her urethra churned. She had to keep cheering and openly. She couldn't hold herself nor freely stop to deal with an urge that's growing. For the next 12 minutes, she couldn't move as fluidly as she wanted, and at times she stopped to fight it.

That meant while the other cheerleaders were doing the rockets, she stood stiff and pressed her thighs against each other. At one point, she winced so badly and stood as such for the longest 30 seconds of her life. Her urge to go became so bad she couldn't focus at all. Jiji tapped her several times to focus back. But Hortense couldn't return so easily.

Jiji knew Hortense had to pee now and realized she was in serious trouble. So did the girl next to her Dynah Drayton. Hortense had this seriously worried look but tried to return to cheering. But she couldn't raise her legs high enough and her body was sweating with exhaustion from expending energy to fight the urge.

"Go P-pumas gogo you can do it no one can beat us" she said softly and totally out of sync. Currently, the Jaguars team was winning by two points, and another one and another. So many in the crowd began cheering and/or jeering for the Jaguars. Vice Principal Shida and Gretchen were becoming disappointed.

Even for Gretchen, who was just getting used to behaving like a professional, yelled like a die-hard fan. Octavia did her usual nerdy analysis of the situation. But as for Hortense, she just couldn't keep up anymore. Each and every step or lifting of her leg brought her golden liquid closer to accidentally escaping.

Raising her leg, even a little, made her feel uneasy as it pressed against her bladder and stretched her lower region between her legs. And it didn't help when her feet struck the ground. Her mind was preoccupied with the possible flood that could happen and didn't care about the soccer game. If she just got her chance to pee may be she would care more.

Up in the stand, the husband and wife were looking worried and upset. The wife couldn't believe the poor girl couldn't just go for a pee. The husband was focused on the Pumas team doing terribly. "Come on! Gosh darn it. I did far better than you all did. They just don't make them like they used to." he said. He was a former Pumas player for the school way back when.

Hortense was in deep trouble and couldn't keep up. Again, she stopped and this time, Jiji and Dynah stopped cheering too. "What the hell? Just hold it until next break. It's about 2 minutes away." Jiji said. "Come one you're making us look bad." Dynah said. Hortense replied in a strained manner "I can't hold it. I have to pee!".

But the crowd went wild as the Pumas scored a goal. It was 7 - 9 and still the Jaguars were in the lead. But Kassiana shouted to her squad members (Hortense, Jiji, and Dynah) to get back in the game. "Wake up you three and keep cheering. Our team needs our cheering." Hortense remained impeded and moved stiffly. Dynah and Jiji continued to cheer in the same manner.

Then, when break occurred again, the squad broke formation for a break. Kassiana wasn't having any of this. But the cheerleading squad of the Jaguars called out to Kassiana. "Yo Kas, having potty problems? Guess ya'll have small bladders! (Laughter)". Kassiana told her to stuff where the sun doesn't shine. Then, she turned to Hortense who already walked away.

She was already outside the gate and towards the bathroom. She had to pee and now. Kassiana went after only to be stopped by the Pumas coach. "What the hell is with your cheerleaders? That's rhetorical! Get it together or else. Your low moral is costing us!". Poor Kassiana didn't enjoy this accusation. She promised a stellar cheering and still got this.

Hortense was just about to go inside when an elderly woman outside stopped her. "Excuse me. I'm next so back off." The elderly woman pushed her over, causing her to spurt a small jet onto her lower left leg. Hortense regained her footing but was denied her chance again. The door opened and the elderly woman went inside.

Out came Jasmine Jax, another spectator watching her brother Victor Jax from the bleachers. Victor Jax was the star Pumas defensive player. Hortense wedged her hands between her legs and kept her thighs pressed together. Her knees bent and her torso hunched forward. She bobbed up and down, winced and gritting her teeth. She waited impatiently, looking behind her and in front of her.

She couldn't just not show up but she had to pee. If she didn't, forget it. And she couldn't just pee out here. For the next 2 minutes (only 4.5 minutes left of the entire 3rd break), she waited clutching herself via her skirt. Her mind was racing, her heart pounding, her body bobbing up and down. 'How long is this old bag going to be? I could've been peeing right now. And Kassiana is going to kill me if I don't show up.'

A part of her just wanted to let it all go. A part of her wanted to just have relief in the toilet. Time was running out and she knew. She knocked on the door but the woman cursed at Hortense. She had to pee and fast. She looked down at the ground, then at the stall, and behind her. The teams were assembling again. She had a minute or a little more left. She had to take action.

She chose to go behind the portable stall but. She didn't want to be seen by the passing traffic. She cursed and thought again. Just then, she heard yelling and saw a mother hitting her little boy for peeing behind the bleachers. They walked away and returned to the bleachers.

She figured that same practice might be her only ticket. But she had to get behind them. She gingerly walked behind the bleachers only to be caught by Kassiana. She walked over to the fence, calling Hortense with authority and anger. Hortense didn't want to wait any longer and walked a little faster to the backside of the bleachers.

"Hey hey come back here. Hortense!" Kassiana called out.

*008*2023-01-29 03:33

Hortense wasted no time getting to behind the bleachers. She could feel the swishing and her exit hole ready to buckle. She had to go and now. Kassiana might have been right around the corner but Hortense could only think of peeing. But when she got there, Hortense was surprised by the sight. Even behind the bleachers wasn't safe.

There were a few people behind the bleachers and on the phone. Not only that, but one person took a piss too. Hortense had no privacy. But she was brought back to the situation at hand. She could feel herself ready to piss herself. She almost spurted as her exit hole quivered, allowing a small dribble down the middle.

Hortense kept her hands wedged between her legs. She fell down to a squat as she winced in pain. This wave of desperation was so bad she just couldn't take it and had to let it go. She was just about to when Kassiana came around and called out her name. Hortense flinched and spurted a little in the process. "Captain-" "Don't captain me Hortense get up get up right now-"

But Hortense just squatted back down. She was almost picked up and held standing up straight. She couldn't have pissed herself. "No don't lift me or I'll piss myself. I'm bursting.". Amazing. Hortense just denied a direct command to her superior by telling that she has to pee. And if she doesn't she will have an accident in front of said superior. Unheard of.

Kadsiana couldn't believe what she just heard. "What the ****? Really? What are you 5 years old. Get up! Now!". Kassiana had been made a fool of long enough and demanded Hortense end this nonsense. Hortense couldn't just stay there forever and and had to get back there. But she was in danger of peeing. Suddenly the coach for the Pumas showed up beet red.

"Girls get the hell out there and cheer for my boys. For our boys!". Kassiana turned back to Hortense, picked her up abruptly, and herded her back to the field. Hortense cried out "No stop you'll make me pee myself.". She was spurting a few times and about have an accident. All this jostling was making her exit hole, already quivering, be more jostled and about buckle soon.

No one noticed the spurting but she had to pee soon. Once back on the field, Hortense was out back in formation and back to cheering. The game started again and this time she was right next to the captain. Now she couldn't sneak off or hold herself. Poor Hortense. What is a cheerleader to do to have one pee break.

Now the squad had jump, lift their leg like earlier, and turn side to side while shaking pompoms. The cheering was "Rara Pumas go they're the best GoooooOOO Pumas!". Hortense was down to a squat again as she was fighting another urge but she was forced to do the poses while her poor exit hole was about buckle now.

All 7 full bottles of water were about to come rushing out. Hortense was bursting and badly. There was nothing she could do now. Plus, the elderly woman clogged the toilet in the portable toilet stall. Now Hortense was in serious trouble for this last 15 minutes of the game. She should have peed regardless behind the bleachers but she would have been caught.

Hortense didn't want to be expelled or lose her right to graduate. She wasn't Gretchen before becoming class president. She used to not care about peeing on school property. But she wished she had done so now.

*009*2023-01-29 05:17

The general layout and shape of the outfit. The color scheme isn't important. The general look of the uniforms for cheerleaders in this story is shown below.

I admit that I did better with characters like Ambirly and Ashlynn. Them more so than with Hortense. Still no ideas or how to work it for characters like Jasmine Jax, Francesca, or Camilla from the Tri-Royalty Brigade. Hopefully, you like this story with Hortense, and the previous story with Ginger and June. I wanted to make that more juicy but it got as good as it could be made.

*010*2023-01-29 18:11

It was the last 15 minutes of the game and at last, the Pumas finally tied with the Jaguars. It was 9-9 score and still no clear winner after an hour. These games can go on for another hour or two. Just to get the winner. It was time to end the tie and finally declare a winner. The Jaguars cheered fiercely and gave all the support they could muster. So did the parents and school staff from Chester Arthur High School. However, the Pumas cheerleading team still had the issue with Hortense despite everyone else doing their best.

Hortense was in serious danger of wetting herself and it only got worse. Each step took caused even more swishing and her dam was quivering. It might have even buckled a little. Hortense thought she felt some sort of wetness escape her for a brief second. But she was being watched now and couldn't just leave where she was. Furthermore, she frequently stopped to press her thighs together to fight this one incessantly throbbing urge to go. It was unbearable for her and all that water she drank. She was so hydrated and of course her stubborn immature nature has gotten to her.

Each second that went by was torture for her. She wished she could just take a pee break. She needed one so badly. 'Gawd I wished I just let it all loose behind the bleachers. I should've just risked being seen for relief. That way I could cheer better.'. Poor Hortense, but she knew it was her fault. If only, she didn't drink so much water and wait so long, nor take a nap before using the toilet this wouldn't have been an issue. And it wasn't as though Camilla was around anymore. What was she to do? She could feel every swish and her exit hole shaking. She had to stop more often now to make sure she didn't leak. But that ship sailed as during the second half of the last 15 minutes, Hortense spurted twice. She stopped temporarily only to receive an elbow to her right side to get back to cheering. This wasn't going to be good for the team if she didn't do more to cheer for their school. But all she needed was a pee break. What's a cheerleader to do?

Just then, someone shouted "Heads up". Hortense looked up and quickly moved out of the way. She flinched her head and torso backwards to avoid the soccer ball. Luckily it didn't hit her and avoiding an accident. It would have been a nightmare for Hortense. However, another Pumas cheerleader was struck in the face. She fell down, brining down a good portion of the cheerleading squad for the Pumas. Hortense felt a momentary yank on her arm, causing her to spurt on her left leg. The spurt dribbled down to where her ankle met her shoe. Again, she avoided a major accident. But now she was severely bursting. And all this couldn't be of help, nor seeing that the cheerleader knocked down. This cheerleader wasn't just nose bleeding, but also couldn't get up. This person, Teya Trey, still on her butt was having an accident. When Kassiana went to check on her, she noticed Teya wetting herself.

A huge wet spot appeared on her white undergarment, becoming larger and darker. In addition, a small stream emerged from the fabric which created a puddle immediately underneath Teya. She was sobbing from the pain and her accident. Kassiana consoled her and asked Diedra Dormer to get Nurse Talia. Hortense was livid and the sight of this made her spurt followed by a second of pissing. Her thighs and legs were drenched with a couple of rivulets. Hortense closed up the exit hole but she was even more desperate in her mind. The coach accompanied by the nurse came over to help Teya out of the arena. " Don't worry Teya, I'm taking you to my office bathroom." Hortense couldn't believe what she heard.

Just as Hortense was about to ask, she was brought back in line. Kassiana continued to cheer. Hortense was in trouble. She had to pee badly. By the time the last 15 minutes was over, Hortense left formation and ran off to the portable bathroom. She didn't want to waste time and get her due pee break. But as she went over to the portable stall, she saw the sign which made her heart sank. There was a sign stating "Out of Order". And the school didn't allow for students to use the toilet during the game. From there, she ran while keeping her hands wedged between her legs over to behind the bleachers. But again, she was denied as Kassiana caught up with her.

"Hortense what are you doing? Get back here." But Hortense didn't care and just made her way behind the bleachers. However, again that ship sailed. She just saw Principal Shida, V.P. Reynolds, and class president Gretchen dealing with a student taking a piss break behind the bleachers. "But the portable stall was out of order so where can I go. And the school building is locked." the student said. Principal Shida replied "That is why you ask before going inside! Come see me after this game!". Kassiana also seeing the same thing and caught up with Hortense. "Hey its' time to get back to the game.". But Hortense replied in a strained manner "I have to pee. I've pissed myself a little a couple of times. I can't hold it anymore. I need to pee now!".

Kassiana didn't care and brought her back to the field along with Principal Shida. Shida saw Hortense and inquired if everything was alright. When Kassiana explained she was trying to prevent Hortense from having an accident, Principal Shida gave the same response as with the previous student and told Hortense to either return to the game or ask for entry. But the coach came back stating the game was about to start again to break the tie. Hortense protested and didn't want to wait. She chose to squat and take her break. She lifted her skirt and revealed she went commando! Commando and in front of everyone. Then, as Kassiana was about to order her to stop, out came a torrent of her gold liquid. Everyone gasped.

Even Gretchen, although some part of her understood as she still had that rebellious side of her at times. But as much as she understood, yet she had to set a better example. She had to side with the Principal Shida. Kassiana, Pumas coach, the school principal and vice principal all turned beet red, while Gretchen was shocked. She felt she was looking at herself. Hortense also blushed but from her point of view this isn't what she wanted. She just wanted to pee. The coach didn't know what to do. Kassiana stormed off and went to get a substitute cheerleader. The school principal and vice principal kept there arms folded on their chest, and Gretchen went back to the game. Once she was finished, she was met by the principal and vice principal. They brought Hortense back to the office for disciplinary action.

In the end, the Pumas won the tournament and the Jaguars went home disappointed but accepted the loss. As for the cheerleading squad, Kassiana was happy the cheering for the final 15 minutes worked without Hortense. Jiji and Dynah were happy they didn't have to worry about a piss desperate cheerleader. They had the substitute Gia Ingersol. As for Hortense, she faced detention for a week, and lost her right to attend graduation. She did graduate though. Luckily, no one else saw her pee. Well except for the wife from earlier too, who happened to be Mrs. Howard!

(P.S. I wanted the story to end where by Hortense was lifted at the top of the cheerleading pyramid next to Kassiana Kord, standing awkardly, and unable to stand properly, and eventually piss all over those beneath her. But that was too disgusting so I just changed the ending. And this was too prolonged anyway. Sorry!) Hope you all liked this story. I am also considering a story for Susan Storm from the Fantastic 4.

*012*2023-01-30 00:23

What kind of pee desperation scenario you are looking forward to Zoa?

*014*2023-02-04 22:23

I didn't know how to keep prolonging the story to get to that point. And to me I felt that would have been too gross for my liking. I do want the reader to enjoy but I also want to feel okay with whatever the ending I choose. It states the kind of person I am (when it comes to these fiction stories).

