Bursting School Day Bladders!

Author: Uroguy

*002*2022-07-11 23:46

Do you want to see more sequel stories with some of these characters? If so, which ones? And I was thinking about a sequel concerning Camilla all alone in her new school to finish her senior year without her cronies. She has to deal with being surrounded by everyone else in this new district which knows nothing about her and she feels so outsider-ish. On the day of picture day, she is standing online and desperate. May be she might not be able to get her way and use the bathroom. She might lose or plead for a chance to use a clean toilet. I am not sure. I am also not sure if I should do a crossover between one of these characters and may be Gwenndolinne. After all, Gwenndolinne, Lyra, Colleen, and Piper are in the same universe. I am also thinking about Klareese and Xenobia (in the same universe) as well as including Daviya, or keeping her with Marris or keeping them in their separate places like Evolin. Ideas? Feedback is good.

And knowing Camilla, how would she be desperate?

*006*2022-07-13 00:35

Perhaps, I could write that in for Camilla and picture day. She tries to hold it but can't on the day of having her picture being taken. She makes a break for it and finds the only available stall is a urinal or as you said a dirty stall. I will see how to make that work. What types of crossovers do you think would be okay orangelion? The crossovers, or should I say fiction having two characters from different works is the one involving Piper and Colleen, whereby Piper needs to pee on a train. Thr other one is with Klareese and Xenobia. There worlds are briefly mentioned in Bursting in a Jam, and Desperate Descension.

Currently, I would want to see Camilla need to go on picture day st her new school, a new character or old one for a scenario involving a night of passion gone wrong and bursting to pee, perhaps a story involving Susan Storm (F4), a story involving Constance Corianders-Smith (Nude Bursting Afraid and wet) being a photoshoot model to promote her company or promote buying a certain house, or Constance's house keeper Gayle being late for work and can't take a pee break until her scheduled break, or may be one involving Gwenndolinne (aka Gwen) but what I am not sure.

I was also thinking about Hortense doing cheerleader moves during a game for her school, desperate, and possibly wetting herself or going behind the bleachers. I might even have her pee herself going commando but as this is a school setting I wouldn't want to be inappropriate. I am considering Octavia in college working to hard and not using the bathroom. She is bursting and during a class exam or finals, she wets herself. Not sure about the transgender girl Ginger, Francesca, Luna or Ida. Francesca could have one whereby she pees herself during romantic hour with her boyfriend. May be. Not certain. Just brainstorming out loud. I don't have many experiences and can't come up with lots of ideas.

I try not to make the story too inappropriate. I try to make it a scenario possibly believable with some fantasy. And being from a clean pg family it is hard to find new ideas in the mindset of a religious and nice personality. The most sadistic or racy has been this story, the one with Constance, Availability Denied, and Interrupted by Nature. I am just rambling on here but just expressing my thoughts and keeping up with the conversation. What other characters so you all want go see from this story with Ashlynn besides Camilla or Mrs. Kay? Not sure about Mrs. Kay.

*010*2022-07-15 01:48

Will do. Been busy and thinking of new ideas to write. I am so inspired by the writer DesperationMan for his post The Accidental 24-Hour Hold. Man that post was awesome.

*012*2022-07-15 22:37

{{6 hours ago, Apan said:

I really want to give it a thumbs up, if only for the mere effort since you obviously spent lots of time and effort writing it, but this time I'm gonna refrain from it. I do enjoy elaborate stories and don't mind lengthiness as long as it's called for, but there is a limit to everything and for me it was crossed maybe about a tenth into the story already. It had too many tangents and went into way too many non-relevant circumstances and characters (with way too detailed and irrelevant backstories at that) in order to keep up the interest.

Also - and this is more of a subjective point, being a fan of realistic stories even if they are fictional, so it sort of doesn't apply fairly here - there was a bit too much betting on the suspension of disbelief with her exaggerated holding capacities, the implausible amount of obstacles thrown her way (all those drills, clogged toilets, indifferent teachers, being forced to pose as a model etc.) and the reactions of certain characters that were simply not realistic nor relatable (Ms. Kay being the most obvious case). The basic premise was there alright, but it was just too cluttered, drawn-out and unrealistic for my personal liking in the end.

}}

I do see what you are saying Apan. I didn't have many experiences in life about pee desperation and especially in school. I had to really think here. I know it was sort of unrealistic but as you said, the basic premise was there and the story had to sort of be there. I admit the other tangent stories weren't relevant to the story (except for the reasons for not entering the boy's bathroom or the gym locker rooms, or Ida from her art class).

They were there as fillers and for fun. But trying to find different scenarios for keeping poor Ashlynn away from the bathroom and accidentally taking a few diuretic pills was hard. Fyi: I chose to have her stay for 6 periods as she was a senior. In my high school (~12 years ago), seniors were allowed to have up to 6 and half periods for a full schedule. So I wanted to sort of mimick that and keep her bursting for that time. I am glad for your feedback. I am considering a sequel for Camilla, Octavia, and Hortense. I hope you liked my story Final Desperation which also has a student in need of the bathroom but far less long and more relevancy throughout the story.

*013*2023-01-14 23:48

Ps. I wrote Ashlynn had the next two days off from work. I stead it is only the day of this story.

*014*2023-02-28 23:09

I mentioned that Ashlynn's manager at work gave her two days off. But I should have mentioned that her manager gave her only two days, but had to reschedule those two days off as the next day she did come to school and work (as mentioned in Bursting Weekend Appointment). Since she didn't yet see the doctor, how could she get a note to stay out? Exactly.
