Looking for missing pee fic?

Author: undoing

*000*2018-12-07 03:08

Hello everyone! I thought I might make an account here, where I've browsed before, to see if anyone can help me find a fic I read once. Unfortunately, I do not remember the site it was hosted on. I have googled so many different ways and just can't find it. Fair warning, it is a sexual piss fic, and I intend on describing that a little in hopes of finding it again.

It featured an older woman and a younger man. Not elderly or anything, just a noticeable age difference or "mature," one might say. She gets desperate in a public space and (this one part is hazy) I THINK she snags diapers at a store to wear? Whether or not she does, she gets hawked by that guy (sort of a public "voyeur" situation, almost) as he watches her slowly lose it outside. It turned out he was a neighbor?

Later on, he enters her house for whatever reason and she ends up bossing him into stooping in front of [I guess] a dishwasher or sink in her kitchen. To fix something, if I remember correctly. That gets him in position to see her genitals clearly and get pissed on -- she chides him as she uses him to "clean up." Clearly she was mad at him for catching her before, and took it out on him.

I'm not even usually attracted to women at all, but that story was fantastic. Pretty sure there was a later part where she enlists another woman's help for shaming and using him, all the while "pretending" they aren't getting off or even Pissing. I've only read it once and regrettably lost it.

If anyone here has a clue, that would be great. Suggestions for similar stories would be fine, too.

