Act fast

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-04-29 08:32

"Oh gawd why did I drink so much? Oh I hate myself soooo much!". She waited on line in her dark blue dress, double strap, exposed back dress. The queue was so long and the wait time so damn long, it was unbearable. She cursed under her breath for having such a great time and not thinking about her need to go. She clenched her hands into fists whole grabbing her dress near her groin area. Susan was in worse shape than ever and never let herself get this bursting.

Today, Susan made plans to hang out with her friends. That included Shadow Cat, Black Widow, Jean Gray, Sharon Carter, and Wanda Maximov. They had been fighting mutants and criminal syndicates galore. Plus, they stopped a plot by Magneto to attack the capital of the USA. Green Goblin, Red Skull + Hydra, Ultron, and Sinister had been causing serious problems. Things got so bad that every mutant laid low or moved to Genosha runned by Magneto.

The attack on the capital was the last straw by nonmutant opponents of the mutant community. Now Dr. McCoy and Profesor Xavier could say or do nothing to sway the minds of these people. They wanted to see the eradication of the mutants whom they saw as mistakes of mother nature. Even Spiderman, Avengers like Hulk and Red Hulk, Captain Marvel, X-Men, Antman, Wanda, and Fantastic Four weren't spared the ridicule by the public.

But after 3 weeks laying low following the past month of criminal nonsense, it was time to come out of hiding. It was time to return to normal and live life. No more worrying or self blaming. Susan, fiancee to Mr. Fantastic, wanted to hang out with friends. She felt it was time to decompress from all the stress and worrying what others think. It was time to take a day off for vacation, hang out with hee friends. She called all of them via Skype to discuss hanging out which they all agreed.

Today, a Friday, was the day and at last it came. They met at the mall for some shopping and having lunch. "How do these dresses make me look gals?" Asked Shadow Cat. Sharon and Black Widow replied "It could be tailored to your size but otherwise the design is amazing on you." Jean and Wanda thought their opinions about the dress. "A red floral pattern would suit you better than blue but that is my point of view." Jean said. Wanda didn't care what she chose as her focus was elsewhere.

Wanda wanted more scarlet capes with some matching color boots. Her previous boots were worn out and couldn't be worn any further. Her response was to do what she wanted. "Nothing looks more beautiful than the clothes that make you feel beautiful. If you feel that way, it will show." Shadow Cat was so happy to have such good friends. After lunch they went to see a movie, indulging in more soda, with some popcorn or candy. They all ordered large sodas for themselves to view the movie.

It was a typical female's only movie about self discovery and growth. They didn't mind some suggestive stuff as long as it didn't get pornographic, which it didn't. They enjoyed the move and headed out for taking pictures near the bay. They chatted up a storm about their personal lives and finally spoke about the stupid crime crisis, but in a manner that allowed them to blow off steam. "I'm so tired of hearing about Magento's holocaust survivor message and how mutants should rise up against nonmutants." Jean said. Susan agreed and so did the others.

"That guy tries to make people like me and Sharon seem like we should be ashamed of being born. Like I killed his family in Nazi Germany? Like I killed Pedro's mother? Like I didn't suffer at the hands of evil people too? Come on! And you don't see me making myself or other mutants out to be victims." Black Widow chimed. "Yeah and it's not like my father helps in that department like that idiot Juggernaut. He's an idiotic one-man wrecking ball!" Wanda said.

"I just wish we mutants didn't have to live in fear of being discriminated and taunted, or made to feel as though society hates them. I don't mean to throw identity politics and divide the masses, but I have faced a lot of issues with people who hate my guts even after I do hero work like Susan and Jean. Why the other day, someone broke into my apartment, ransacked my place and torched it. That's so unfair. And my nonmutant friend living next door is too afraid to speak with me." Shadow Cat said.

Things were pretty bad and sometimes fights broke put. Why they even witnessed two families fighting for the right to picnic, and even chastising their children for playing with each other. One family was mutant while the other was without powers. These 6 women got up and intervened. "This is 2023 and still we haven't put aside out differences already. Seriously, why do we have to keep talking about this?" Susan asked.

"And why can't two kids play kick ball each other? What's the harm?" Sharon retorted. Jean and Shadow Cat expressed their frustration with Black Widow and Wanda about the stupid identity politics. Jean, Susan, Sharon, Shadow Cat, Wanda, and Black Widow were all told by the parents to take the proverbial hike in the least civilized way possible and to stay out of this. The words used were so foul they all left, but not without encouraging the children to have fun and ignore the hate.

Next off, they chose to go for dinner and finish the day with having fun at a night club for dancing. It wasn't seedy or shady, just a safe place for everyone to hang out. It had many rebel-minded people and those looking for a good time. Here, no one gave a hoot about nothing but fun. The realities of life and society were but a distant dimension for these partygoers. They danced away the night and enjoyed the drinks. Susan reclaimed her youthful times on college when times were simpler, and single.

She maintained her fiancee position, not kissing or getting sexual with other men. She made sure to show her engagement ring to others when men or lesbians showed up. The other 5 women of their group also danced the night away, letting all the stress of life flow out from them and let loose. It was therapeutic. No more death, crime, powers, nada. There was only serenity and having a great time.

But from 8 pm to about 12 midnight, the partying went on. And so did the consumption of juice and some wine. Susan drank too much and danced away the night. She forgot about her need to pee and now she had to go ever so badly. She was severely bursting to pee as the club continued to party but also begin to shut down. Closing time began to appear, and some partygoers began leaving. Sharon and Black Widow enjoyed the night but they had to get going. Shadow Cat, Jean, Wanda and Susan remained.

Susan said her good-byes to her friends and new acquaintances, then made her way to the queue, which stretched out for what seemed like miles. Susan couldn't believe this and didn't understand how a like can form, and possibly take so long. Even now in 2023. (FYI: her dress looked like the one below. She also didn't wear a brazier or undergarment.)

*001*2023-04-29 10:43

The color of the dress is dark blue as shown above. But the shape of the dress is as shown by the magenta dress below the first picture. Her shoes looked as such shown in the picture below:

&&

*002*2023-04-29 12:31

Susan waited on line for the longest 60 minutes of her life. During that time, she cursed herself for drinking so much fluids. Susan had been desperate to go before but she could handle it. A kick to the stomach, being held hostage for a few hours, or being on a stealth mission was manageable. But that was become she wasn't this desperate, and she never indulged in so much fluids.

Today, she ingested soda during her lunch and at the movie theater. She had water helpings with her dinner, and now juice with wine at the nightclub. It was mostly the wine and two extra glasses of wine. All the fluids plus the foods she ate finally hit her hard. She could wait for hours before going but this time she was truly desperate. She was bursting for a nice and clean release into a toilet bowl in a stall. She held tightly for dear life as her need to grew.

It was terrible a feeling as she had to go NOW. She grabbed her dress, wincing and grimacing in need for the bathroom. She couldn't believe the women's bathroom line got this bad even now. "I wish this line would move. It's been 10 minute already." Susan thought. She was adamant on not peeing herself in public. She didn't want an accident on the floor nor on her feet and shoes. After all, she wasn't severely bursting. She wasn't wearing undergarment for her top and her secret area. She was completely commando underneath. And it was damn obvious not that she cared the whole day.

Usually she wore her suit with a built in leakage lining. It was good for both the period and her bladder needs. But she wasn't prepared. She just wanted to cast off being the Invisible Woman for a day and just be Susan Storm hanging out with her girlfriends. At this point, Wanda also left with her ride which wasn't a vehicle, but a being. It was Vision. He went up and away to take Wanda home. She preferred Vision over Magneto or Pedro.

And Kurt was going through issues with the X-Men that didn't allow him to date the daughter of Magneto. Jean and Shadow Cat sat down in their seats feeling a significant need to go but nothing severe. They could wait a while and they waited for their friend. Plus, they felt a little drunk along with a few nonmutants and Jubilee. "So how's it going *******? Life's going great? Mine's a killer with Gambit." Jubilee said.

She is the mutant who creates the fireworks from her hands. She is usually with Gambit. (X-Men cartoon 1994). Jean and Shadow Cat just lifted their thumbs up 👍 to imply everything was good today. Then, they let their arm fall down in a limbo. They were so tired and so happy for relaxing. But they wanted to get home to sleep off the wine. But first was to wait for Susan. They knew it would be a while though the time passed and their annoyance started to grow.

By now 20 minutes passed and still Susan didn't get far. Only 3 people went in and left. Susan was still so far behind. During the first twenty minutes, she held her dress tightly for dear life. She stood there trying not to think about her need to go. Susan thought of everything she did today but her need was too much. She could feel the urge to go churning and her bladder full from all the fluids poured into it by her kidneys. Susan thought of her friends waiting for her but how could she go faster when the line was slow.

She wished the universe would temporarily make everyone in front of her disappear so she could just quickly empty her bladder and come out. Afterwards, everything could go back to normal and everyone would return to being on line. Sadly, Tony with the help of Dr. Pym and Antman put the infinity stones back in their appropriate time and place, and it was agreed that such power should be kept away from anyone as the urge to be corrupt was too great.

Susan scrunched her face, hunched forward and expressing anxiety as she needed the bathroom ever so badly. Jean and Shadow Cat remained at the table tired and exhausted from the day. After 20 minutes, only 3 people went inside and came out. The boy's bathroom line was 3 guys only. 5 minutes later, few girls, one of them transgender, jumped from the line for relief. The ladies bathroom line moved up by 5 people which still didn't help. There were still 30 people ahead of Susan and 15 more behind her.

"Only 8 people moves and still nothing changed. Oh I have to go. If I don't go I will end up taking my leak right here and now. And I don't have my suit on. I'm going to end up wetting myself. Oh I wish I didn't wear such a revealing outfit." Susan thought to herself. She started scissoring her legs and shaking her fanny trying to hold it in. She didn't want the urge to overtake her willpower and did everything she could to hold it. Wetting herself was not an option. She thought of turning invisible but that required going totally naked.

Susan wasn't about to go barefoot nudist even if she was hidden in plain sight. And how would she get in there. Everyone would notice the door opening and closing by itself or she might bump into someone. That would be it. People would know an invisible naked woman cut the line. "Ew!" She thought. But there must a be a way. She wasn’t about to go to the men's bathroom let alone those for employees. She could try going in there via invisibility. But there wasn't privacy to go invisible and undress, and with whom could she leave her clothes and shoes with? Then she has to make her way back to the line. That was a pain in the neck in her mind.

Susan stood there staring at the bathroom up ahead, longingly for her chance to use the bathroom. Her need to go only increased as time went on. Her friends Shadow Cat and Jean were becoming antsy as they too needed release and sleep. "Come on Sue! We can't wait her forever. It's been half an hour already. The line isn't going to move any faster. By the time you get your chance, the nightclub doors will close. We need to find another place to go." Jean said. Shadow Cat agreed with Jean. Shadow Cat didn't want to wait any longer and have an accident.

Susan didn't want to lose her place on line but what good did it do to stay. It was obvious that it was time to leave. By now, Susan was even more bursting, bobbing up and down from her need to pee. The exit from her urinary tract felt the growing pressure and couldn't hang longer. Susan and her friends made their way past the crowd of dancing and chatting party-goers. It was a bumpy walk, being elbowed and stepped on. One person accidentally elbowed Susan in the groin, causing her pee to jet closer to the exit doors. In fact, it was right against it.

Another group stepped on the back of her shoe, causing her to whimper in pain. She had to be careful not to trip on herself, and accidentally start peeing. Just as they were about to leave the dance hall, trouble made its way into the dance hall. The lights shut off, the music went silent, and the crowd entered into a state of confusion. Susan became more troubled by all this. "Really! They can't pay their electric bill?" she thought. But things were about to get worse as the trouble just started.

From every direction, lights turned on along with gun shots and the doors to the hall burst opened. Everyone turned towards pandemonium as party-goers started running in all directions. Susan and her friends moved to one side as the crowd of people tried to get out. But they couldn't as the crowd was herded back inside the hall by swat-like military. No one understood what was happening and why. Was this a terrorist attack? And if so, by whom? Or was this a special black-ops section of the military? Why would they come here?

These military officers took over the dance hall and even the nightclub building. They fired back at anyone not listening and tayzered others. Still, others were forcefully brought to a chair or to one corner to remain on their knees, while others arrested. Party-goers trying to fight back or use their mutant powers were no match for these armed men. Incoming into the hall was Colonel Moss and accompanied by Dr. Bolivar Trask and Senator Kelly. Jean and Shadow Cat knew this wasn't good if anti-mutant people were here.

*003*2023-04-30 02:34

Colonel Moss called out to his men to secure the area and stay by the doors. They shut the doors, locking it from the inside. The crowd kept screaming and trying to leave, while others were herded to one corner or to their tables. Susan, Jean, and Shadow Cat were horrified by what they saw. They didn't understand what this was and why the military was here. Suddenly, they were met with guns pointed at them. "Don't move. Don't resist. You do what we say!" Susan couldn't believe she was being held hostage at a time when she was so desperate. She was bursting and being held here like this was the last thing on her mind.

Colonel Moss fired his weapon into the ceiling, thus quieting everyone else down. "I am Colonel Moss from the United States military and the new military taskforce seen before you. As you know, the scourge of mutants has caused so much pain and suffering. Even vigilante mutants are no exception. They must all be eradicated to ensure the safety of all who call themselves members of the human race. The era of superpowers has come to an end. This taskforce, known as the Mutant Registration Division, will round up and eliminate anyone who calls himself or herself a mutant. Don't be alarmed for those who don't have powers. We are here to keep you safe from these superpowered freaks. Mutants! You can't hide and we will find you."

Dr. Trask came forward with a meter of some sort in hand and controlling it with the other hand. Dr. Trask moved the dial and set the correct parameters before pointing the meter at the crowd. At first, the meter didn't pick up anything as he motioned to his right, then his left. But as soon as he moved 20 degrees to his left, the meter sounded off a high pitch alarm for all to hear. The person being metered became alarmed at the possibility of being found out. She maintained her calm and feigning ignorance. "What is that thing? Point it away from me." the person spoke. But Dr. Trask gestured to Colonel Moss the person was a mutant. Colonel Moss didn't waste time and ordered his men to make an arrest.

Without hesitation, Colonel Moss' men fired off a stun shot against the person, watching the person fall to the ground. Screams and whispers permeated the room as some believed a murder happened. Colonel Moss spoke about what happened. "Don't worry, the mutant monster has been neutralized. No one has been killed. This ... this ... this creature is just rendered unconscious and now will be cuffed for arrest. We, the MRD, are a taskforce commissioned by Senator Kelly and the U.S. President to deal with the scourge of mutants. Again, nonmutants won't be harmed by our efforts. Any mutant who willingly turns himself or herself in will also be spared from death. Any mutant that resists and attacks us or innocent civilians will be dealt with."

Susan and her friends were overcome with anxiety as now mutants were targeted. Not only that, but Susan was more annoyed than ever. She is bursting and the last thing she needs is this nonsense. Colonel Moss spoke further. "The human race will no longer tolerate mutants in society as they are a menace and nearly destroyed the most powerful country in the world. It's time to take action to rid the scourge of mutants and don't bother preaching love and peace. No mutant is safe or peaceful. Their powers are a threat and a danger. It is only a matter of time before they destroy us. We will begin detecting and rounding up mutants for the protection of those who can't and those who have suffered enough at their hands."

Senator Kelly chimed in. "Mutants no longer can hide or get protection from the likes of Professor Xavier. His preaching won't stop this effort." One by one, MRD officers began scouting for mutants. Their scouters can detect for the mutant X-gene and allow them to round up mutants. Susan, Jean, and Shadow Cat were afraid of where mutants would be taken and how they would be treated. Colonel Moss spoke once more. "Oh and these scouters are also good for finding Magneto's associate, Mystique. Long has she been able to get away with committing crimes and evading our authorities by taking on the appearance of anyone. Not any longer. Not this time. These scouters were specifically designed not only to flush out mutants, but to flush out the top lieutenant of the Mutant Brotherhood. We know you're here! Our intelligence is perfect this time!"

"Oh great, Mystique is here. That's why, and all because of Magneto's stupidity." Jean replied in annoyance. "I hate that guy so much. He has to make everything about himself. He gives mutants like us a bad name." Shadow Cat whispered. Susan didn't want to hear any of this. "Girls! Help me out here! I still have to piss like a racehorse and I don't think I can hold it for another 30 minutes. Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" She whimpered. Susan had to pee so badly. It had been 40 minutes since she got on line and still nothing. First the line, now this. What's a mutant got to do to take a pee into the toilet?

One mutant was already found out since the first person from before (Who got stunned) was outed. This person was a 21-year-old graduate student enjoying her first night out with her friends. "Hey let go of me I have just as much (zap) .........". She was rendered unconscious by the MRD men and taken out in handcuffs. Another mutant, a male waiter was removed from the premises also tried resisting before being knocked out. Another mutant started hurling energy balls only to be shot and killed. Pandemonium broke out as screams, people ran towards the entrance only to be held back, some pleading to be left alone. One mutant was being taken away from his nonmutant sister. The sister tried to make MRD stop but she was knocked out cold with hit to the head with the butt of the stun rifle.

The brother called out to his sister, but no one could help him. Susan stood there watching, every instinct told her to go invisible, but she just couldn't do it. She was fighting an internal wave upon wave of desperation. She squatted to try and hold it, even biting her lip. But alas, nothing helped. Even her friends began subtly bobbing up and down every 20 seconds. It was a half-second bend of the knees and mostly just felt discomfort. They were desperate and had to pee, but not as much as their friend Susan. Luckily, some mutants like Jubilee made her way over to the gang to assist if necessary.

"Hey girls, we need to scram. This place is MRD central now. And what's with Susan?" Jubilee asked Jean. Jean replied "Sue's gotta pee so badly. We need to go or else."

"Yeah we can't stay here. I am not letting them take me away. I have to use my powers and get help." Jean tried to stop her, but she just left by phasing through the wall to the other side, phasing through even the MRD guards. She ended up surrounded by them and chose to let herself fall through the ground to the subway. She knew the underground subway easily and made her way to the nearest station.

Susan still kept holding her dress without holding her nether region like a stupid little girl. "Great. Shadow Cat leaves us. Hopefully, she gets us help. I can't hold it. I have to pee now. Or else I'll end up ..... (gasp) .....". The worst possible thing happened. Susan just witnessed a girl being taken away in handcuffs for being a mutant with the power to make things turn into stone. She tried to resist but it wasn't much of a resistance. She cried out to be let go, but the MRD wouldn't. Suddenly, she ended up having an accident as she was being taken away. She was wetting her jeans, but that didn't stop the MRD from doing their job. Susan almost had an accident now.

Jean tried to calm her down while trying to maintain her own dryness. "Don't worry about that girl. Just forget you saw that. We all know seeing running water makes your situation worse .... and mine too." Jubilee made a face to express annoyance. "Really? How much did you have tonight? Seriously. Look just hold your water until we get out of here." Jubilee said. Suddenly, a fight broke out and stun shots fired. A mutant shooting wooden daggers fought back against the MRD, killing a few in the process. The pandemonium caused more panic and some panic-stricken guests managed to pass through the MRD guards holding up the entrance into the hall.

Colonel Moss radioed his men outside to round up any mutants caught escaping. "Don't worry about the mutant who can walk through walls and people. We will catch her later. Besides, the routes into and out of the subway and the city are closed off. She can't get far." he said. After another 5 minutes, Colonel Moss got everyone under control and quieted down the remainder of the guests. More mutants complied and sat down or went to one corner or another in the hall. Some turned themselves in while others prayed they wouldn't be found. It wasn't long before Susan and her friends were found out.

For the next 10 minutes, Susan battled wave after wave of desperation to pee. She wrapped and double wrapped her right leg around the other. She tried to lessen the intensity of the urge while bobbing up and down. No matter what she did, it didn't help at all. "HmmmmMmmmmmMmmmmm .... " She whimpered while holding her dress tight for dear life. She had to pee, and the pressure was becoming too great that she might end up peeing here and now. "Why now of all times? I have to pee so badly and I can't hold it. Hopefully their jails have adequate bathrooms." Susan thought. She could feel her time running out.

10 minutes later, a group of people gasped as the MRD arrested a nonmutant for supporting anti-government activities against mutants and supporting the Mutant Brotherhood. He was carrying a knife, tazer, and illegal contraband in support of the Magneto. In fact, this guy was secretly taking pictures to be sent by email to an associate of Magneto to warn them of the impending doom. He warned the government would take action and now it has.

Now Colonel Moss gave a new directive. "Anyone suspected of or indeed found out to be a supporter of or indeed a mutant will be arrested. We will also begin body pat downs and check for weapons. Your belongings are no longer your own!" That was enough for people like Jubilee to get fired up and ready to punch a few MRD men in the face. Susan didn't have time for this nor the luxury. She wasn't about to go nudist nor have an accident on display. She didn't feel great about giving a show.

*004*2023-04-30 12:23

Susan and her friends were overcome with anxiety as now mutants were targeted. Not only that, but Susan was more annoyed than ever. She is bursting and the last thing she needs is this nonsense. Colonel Moss spoke further. "The human race will no longer tolerate mutants in society as they are a menace and nearly destroyed the most powerful country in the world. It's time to take action to rid the scourge of mutants and don't bother preaching love and peace. No mutant is safe or peaceful. Their powers are a threat and a danger. It is only a matter of time before they destroy us. We will begin detecting and rounding up mutants for the protection of those who can't and those who have suffered enough at their hands."

Senator Kelly chimed in. "Mutants no longer can hide or get protection from the likes of Professor Xavier. His preaching won't stop this effort." One by one, MRD officers began scouting for mutants. Their scouters can detect for the mutant X-gene and allow them to round up mutants. Susan, Jean, and Shadow Cat were afraid of where mutants would be taken and how they would be treated. Colonel Moss spoke once more. "Oh and these scouters are also good for finding Magneto's associate, Mystique. Long has she been able to get away with committing crimes and evading our authorities by taking on the appearance of anyone. Not any longer. Not this time. These scouters were specifically designed not only to flush out mutants, but to flush out the top lieutenant of the Mutant Brotherhood. We know you're here! Our intelligence is perfect this time!"

"Oh great, Mystique is here. That's why, and all because of Magneto's stupidity." Jean replied in annoyance. "I hate that guy so much. He has to make everything about himself. He gives mutants like us a bad name." Shadow Cat whispered. Susan didn't want to hear any of this. "Girls! Help me out here! I still have to piss like a racehorse and I don't think I can hold it for another 30 minutes. Hmmmmmmmmmmm!" She whimpered. Susan had to pee so badly. It had been 40 minutes since she got on line and still nothing. First the line, now this. What's a mutant got to do to take a pee into the toilet?

One mutant was already found out since the first person from before (Who got stunned) was outed. This person was a 21-year-old graduate student enjoying her first night out with her friends. "Hey let go of me I have just as much (zap) .........". She was rendered unconscious by the MRD men and taken out in handcuffs. Another mutant, a male waiter was removed from the premises also tried resisting before being knocked out. Another mutant started hurling energy balls only to be shot and killed. Pandemonium broke out as screams, people ran towards the entrance only to be held back, some pleading to be left alone. One mutant was being taken away from his nonmutant sister. The sister tried to make MRD stop but she was knocked out cold with hit to the head with the butt of the stun rifle.

The brother called out to his sister, but no one could help him. Susan stood there watching, every instinct told her to go invisible, but she just couldn't do it. She was fighting an internal wave upon wave of desperation. She squatted to try and hold it, even biting her lip. But alas, nothing helped. Even her friends began subtly bobbing up and down every 20 seconds. It was a half-second bend of the knees and mostly just felt discomfort. They were desperate and had to pee, but not as much as their friend Susan. Luckily, some mutants like Jubilee made her way over to the gang to assist if necessary.

"Hey girls, we need to scram. This place is MRD central now. And what's with Susan?" Jubilee asked Jean. Jean replied "Sue's gotta pee so badly. We need to go or else."

"Yeah we can't stay here. I am not letting them take me away. I have to use my powers and get help." Jean tried to stop her, but she just left by phasing through the wall to the other side, phasing through even the MRD guards. She ended up surrounded by them and chose to let herself fall through the ground to the subway. She knew the underground subway easily and made her way to the nearest station.

Susan still kept holding her dress without holding her nether region like a stupid little girl. "Great. Shadow Cat leaves us. Hopefully, she gets us help. I can't hold it. I have to pee now. Or else I'll end up ..... (gasp) .....". The worst possible thing happened. Susan just witnessed a girl being taken away in handcuffs for being a mutant with the power to make things turn into stone. She tried to resist but it wasn't much of a resistance. She cried out to be let go, but the MRD wouldn't. Suddenly, she ended up having an accident as she was being taken away. She was wetting her jeans, but that didn't stop the MRD from doing their job. Susan almost had an accident now.

Jean tried to calm her down while trying to maintain her own dryness. "Don't worry about that girl. Just forget you saw that. We all know seeing running water makes your situation worse .... and mine too." Jubilee made a face to express annoyance. "Really? How much did you have tonight? Seriously. Look just hold your water until we get out of here." Jubilee said. Suddenly, a fight broke out and stun shots fired. A mutant shooting wooden daggers fought back against the MRD, killing a few in the process. The pandemonium caused more panic and some panic-stricken guests managed to pass through the MRD guards holding up the entrance into the hall.

Colonel Moss radioed his men outside to round up any mutants caught escaping. "Don't worry about the mutant who can walk through walls and people. We will catch her later. Besides, the routes into and out of the subway and the city are closed off. She can't get far." he said. After another 5 minutes, Colonel Moss got everyone under control and quieted down the remainder of the guests. More mutants complied and sat down or went to one corner or another in the hall. Some turned themselves in while others prayed they wouldn't be found. It wasn't long before Susan and her friends were found out.

For the next 10 minutes, Susan battled wave after wave of desperation to pee. She wrapped and double wrapped her right leg around the other. She tried to lessen the intensity of the urge while bobbing up and down. No matter what she did, it didn't help at all. "HmmmmMmmmmmMmmmmm .... " She whimpered while holding her dress tight for dear life. She had to pee, and the pressure was becoming too great that she might end up peeing here and now. "Why now of all times? I have to pee so badly and I can't hold it. Hopefully their jails have adequate bathrooms." Susan thought. She could feel her time running out.

10 minutes later, a group of people gasped as the MRD arrested a nonmutant for supporting anti-government activities against mutants and supporting the Mutant Brotherhood. He was carrying a knife, tazer, and illegal contraband in support of the Magneto. In fact, this guy was secretly taking pictures to be sent by email to an associate of Magneto to warn them of the impending doom. He warned the government would take action and now it has.

Now Colonel Moss gave a new directive. "Anyone suspected of or indeed found out to be a supporter of or indeed a mutant will be arrested. We will also begin body pat downs and check for weapons. Your belongings are no longer your own!" That was enough for people like Jubilee to get fired up and ready to punch a few MRD men in the face. Susan didn't have time for this nor the luxury. She wasn't about to go nudist nor have an accident on display. She didn't feel great about giving a show.
