Female heroines

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-02-18 22:34

Good evening. I am trying to write a desperation about a marvel character. This woman has super powers and I want to write about a scenario regarding her but I am not sure about my brainstorming. This character is Susan Storm. Let's say she is online at a dance night club or at a party on a blimp and she can't wait to pee as she is so massively bursting. But the line is moving so slowly for using the bathroom. But the place is commandeered by the mutant registration authority and checking for any mutants to round up. Susan realizes she could be next and has to make a decision.

After more than 2 hours more she can't hold it anymore and is about to piss herself right on the spot. Her friends or Reed Richards creates a distraction to allow Susan to hide behind a table or something. She disrobes her dress, then becomes totally nude in the process, makes a run for the bathroom, can't find it in the chaos, tries to find a place for privacy but can't, starts spurting, finally makes it to the managers office, pissing while running there, or starts spurting once inside the office instead of before finding the office, finds a plant, locks the door, deciding to pee on the plant, being so frantic and can't contract her exit hole more than she has done period whatsoever, then choosing to go and pees like a racehorse on it. But I am not sure how. What do you guys think? And which marvel females should be written about.

*002*2023-02-19 05:00

{{10 minutes ago, JCKMEdnfmcmje said:

Bro how many tags do you need💀

}}

It was to specify what kind of scenarios and factors I was looking for in the question about pee desperation, such as whether to have an accident or just making it, what types of clothes, of course heroines could be on hero duty when wetting, or if they wet a little or a lot. But you have a point. Sorry for the tags. But what suggestions do you have in regards to the question?

*004*2023-02-19 16:02

How would you write for these heroines?

*006*2023-02-19 17:50

I have been trying to write for how Susan Storm could be desperate to go and it gets worse as mutant registration police shows up. She would need a distraction to get to a restroom. But then again, it could be as simple as just waiting on line for the restrooms. Not sure but I want it to be juicy. These days I can't seem to make it work as it would be illogical and too drawn out. Ever since I wrote for Bursting School Day weekend and Bursting Weekend Appointment, I have been trying to write some more things but can't.

No one drinks so much but then finds themselves in a position whereby they can't just go. My previous stories like with Gwenndolinne, Daviya, Klareese, Xenobia (minus the ferris wheel), Marris (minus the zipper and ballooning), Ashlynn, Constance (locked out from her bedroom), Lyra and Colleen (airplane flight together), and Evolin have been good stories. Everything else has been second good or just stupid. I don't write stories with holding contests or golden showers. So I figured why not wrote for Susan Storm who is from Fantastic Four. But that has been in development for some time. My best stories have been:

1. Access Denied with Gwenndolinne (very first story)

2. Bursting School Day Bladders and Bursting Weekend Appointment with Ashlynn

3. Desperate Descension with Xenobia

4. Bursting in a Jam and Bursting in another Jam with Klareese

4. Isolated Desperation with Daviya

5. Close Encounters of the Desperate Kind with Princess Talfeena

6. Nude, Bursting, Drenched and Afraid with Constance

7. Availability Denied with Gwenndolinne

8. Off limits with Lyra

9. Airborne Desperation with Lyra and Colleen

10. Nowhere to go and Interrupted by Nature with Marris

I wish there were better stories.

