Pee Party

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-13 21:07

Four good friends go to an exclusive party. But this party is not like any you or I have ever seen, no. This party is a lot stranger… and a lot wetter!

Warning! All of the events in this story are entirely fictional! You should NEVER do these things at a real party. There is also swearing, vulgar language, sexual activities, and obviously urine in this story. As usual, YOU are the ones choosing to read this! If you do not like any of the things listed above, please leave. However, if you are comfortable, enjoy the story!

I wrote this story all at once, so let me know if you want me to post the whole thing now, or post one section a week or something.

Mason and Evelyn climbed into the back of the long black limousine. Inside, they found Annie and Frank squirming around slightly. Annie wore nothing but a silky red bra and panties with white fluff on the waistband. It was the middle of summer, so little clothing would be the most appropriate now. Frank, meanwhile, had on a plain white t-shirt and blue jeans. They each had a glass of champagne in their hands.

Evelyn for one was anxious to get out of the nighttime air and into the air conditioned limo.

“Hey, guys!” Annie cried.

“Supp?” Frank smirked.

“Hey, you guys!” Evelyn eagerly hugged Annie and then Frank. Mason, being less social than his girlfriend simply just waved.

Mason and Evelyn sat down. Evelyn adjusted her long black dress, flatting out the wrinkles. She rocked around on the crinkly sensation beneath her. Taking note of this, Frank mouthed the word, “Diaper?”

Evelyn nodded.

“Where to?” The limousine driver asked.

Frank gave the address.

The limo slowly pulled away from the curb and kept at a nice even pace down the residential area.

“You look nice!” Annie cried, eyeing Evelyn.

“So do you!” Evelyn wailed in excitement.

“And I see Mason is all dressed up in nice sexy blue boxers!” Annie added. Mason nodded. “Still quiet, huh?” Annie giggled.

“You know he’s shy.” Eveyln said.

Annie laughed. “Having grown up across the street from him, yes, yes I do know that, yes!”

“Frank, I still cannot believe you got us a limo!” Eveyln wailed. “Come on, what’s your secret!”

“Rich uncle.” Frank replied simply.

“Ah.” Evelyn said.

“May I ask where you folks are going tonight?” The driver asked from the front.

“A party.” Frank replied.

The drover adjusted his rear view mirror to get a better look at them. “Lookin’ like that?” He asked.

“These are swim suits.” Annie lied.

“Ah.” The driver said. “Pool?”

“Of sorts.” Evelyn giggled.

“Well, just be safe tonight, aright?” The driver said.

“Will do.” Evelyn promised.

“None a my business, but you folks all going together as friends or two separate couples?” The driver wondered.

“Yes and yes.” Annie replied. “Mason and Evelyn here are dating, but Frank and I are both single.”

“We’re all just friends.” Frank explained. “Minus Eveyln and Mason, that is.”

The driver nodded and that ended the conversation. The group still wanted to chat amongst themselves about their growing desperation and the night ahead. But they didn’t want to attract the driver’s attention. Eveyln had thought they were screwed when Annie stated that Mason was in boxers. Frank poured Mason and Evelyn champagne and they all drank and laughed on the way to the event. At long last, the limo pulled over at their destination. Frank cleared up the champagne glasses.

Evelyn turned to Annie. Evelyn pointed at her dress and whispered. “Cleavage?”

Annie pursed her lips. “A little.” She responded.

“Good.” Evelyn pulled down the front of her dress further.

The group climbed out of the limo and made their way to the front door.

“You know, that black dress won’t show any stains too good.” Annie warned Evelyn.

“That’s okay. I don’t plan to wet.” Evelyn replied.

Frank knocked on the door.

“Golden showers?” Annie asked.

Evelyn tilted her head to the side. “We’ll see.”

The mail slot on the ground opened up. “Password?” The man on the other side of the door asked.

Frank bent down and whispered as quietly as he could, “Omorashi lovers.”

A moment later, there was a click, and the door swung open. The man on the other end held the door open just enough for the four to slip inside, then he quickly closed it again.

The music was low. Eveyln didn’t recognize the song. But she did like the soft beat. Of course, music wasn’t really what this party was going for. And they did have to be quite. They didn’t want anyone to hear them.

“Hey, you folks here for the pee party, I assume?” A second man appeared. He wore very tight briefs but that was it. He had lots of muscles on his chest and arms though.

“Yeah.” Evelyn said. “We heard about this on the urine loving site, and here we are!”

“Excellent.” The man said. “My name is Sean, and if you could not tell already, I am the one in charge of this event. I planned it and here it is! A few quick rules. You may pee anywhere you like, do not be afraid. Yes, this is my house, but I will clean up any and all messes after the party. You may wet yourself if you are more comfortable. However, if you are brave enough, you may also aim and or squat on the floor and pee outside your pants. Also, please no messing. This is urine exclusive. Urine is easy to clean up and spreads less bacteria. No messing, please. There is alcohol, please drink responsibly.

Also, you may urinate on others or even have sex with them if given consent! I mean it, CONSENT!” Sean shouted the word in an attempt to get the point across. “If you get consent, go ahead and do any dirty thing you wish. Other than that, please respect people. Also, there is a pool out back. You may go swimming, you may even pee in it. You may even pee outside. Just know, there is a chance someone may see you. If so, I am not held responsible for it. It is late and the neighbors appear to be asleep. This will be a quiet party, so please speak and act calmly whenever possible. We do not want to disturb the neighbors and trust me, we certainly do not want the police coming to stop a party like this!” The group giggled. Sean clapped his hands. “Any questions?”

“Yes,” Eveyln rose her hand. “You said no messing?”

“Mum-hum.” Sean mumbled.

“I am wearing a diaper. Is it okay if I…” Eveyln’s voice trailed off.

Keeping his hands together in front of him, Sean looked to the sky, then back at Evelyn. “How strong is the diaper?”

“Pretty strong. It’s a goodnite.” Evelyn said.

Sean hesitated for a moment, weighing his options. “Okay.” He said. “But I do ask, if it rips or anything, please clean it up yourself.”

“That seems fair.” Evelyn said.

“How many people are coming tonight?” Annie asked.

“Not many.” Sean replied. “Only twenty or so. Any other questions?” Silence. “Well, if there is anything you need, please don’t hesitate to ask.” Sean said. “Please use common sense and have fun! Also, remember, this is a non judgmental zone. Meaning, do not judge others and they will not judge you.”

Mason, Evelyn, Annie, and Frank thanked Sean as he walked off.

The group made their way to the kitchen.

“So, where should we start?” Evelyn asked.

“I don’t know about you guys,” Annie shoved her hands down her panties and began jumping around. “But I have to peeeeeeee!”

Shuffling his feet, Frank added, “Me too.” He desperately squeezed his penis - which bulged through his jeans.

“I wanted to ask on the way, but couldn’t cause of the driver, how desperate are you guys?” Evelyn asked.

“Real desperate!” Annie qhimpered, grabbing herself as tight as she could. “I drank champagne on the way over. And we all know what alcohol does to my bladder!”

“On a scale, I am like a seven.” Frank said.

“I am at least an eight.” Annie said. “I have been holding for a long time. I haven’t peed since noon, all hyped up for this event!”

Evelyn leaned on the counter. “I see, so, you guys don’t want to talk about… waterfalls?” Frank and Annie both let out twin moans. “How about a nice flowing rapid of cool, clear, springtime, water…” Evelyn was careful to enunciate each word.

“What about you?” Annie stood on one foot and kept her hands in fists, wedged down her panties. “You guys desperate?”

“Me? I’m fine. I’m wearing a diaper.” Evelyn started this statement off serious, but by the end of it, she was smiling.

“You, Mason?” Annie asked.

“I’m more into desperation from others.” Mason said. “Not myself.”

“Ah, that’s right!” Annie said.

“Congrats on forming a whole sentence, man.” Frank said.

Grinning, Mason glared at Frank.

“How about we have a little fun?” Evelyn walked between Frank and Annie. Evelyn stood by the kitchen faucet. She grabbed the handle and hesitated for a long moment. Finally, Evelyn turned the faucet on full blast. Water began gushing from the tap down into the sink where it was washed down the drain. Eveyln faced her desperate friends with a sinister smile. “How bad we have to go?” She teased. “Just listen to all that pouring water… Isn’t it nice?”

“No…” Annie uttered. She groaned, squeezing her fists tighter against herself. She moved her knees up and down, one after the other. “Not while you’re desperate.” Annie moaned.

“Just listen to the relaxing sounds of the tap running.” Evelyn teased. “Good, isn’t it?”

“No!” Frank and Annie screamed at once.

“Just listen to the pouring sounds and think about rain drops falling.” Evelyn said. “Think of rivers flowing and geysers gushing. There are so many wet wonderful things on earth! Just think about water parks and fire hydrants and people peeing! So many nice watery things to think about! Think of pouring a nice glass of lemonade or a nice long drink when you are super thirty or even a little trickling stream out in nature. Think about…”

“Oh, oh no! Already!” Annie shouted. Annie had her hands covering her mouth. She stood with her legs widely spread. Annie’s red panties quickly turned maroon as she flooded herself. Several small streams of urine fell through Annie’s undies and to the hardwood kitchen floor.

“You peed already?” Frank demanded.

“I had to go!” Annie shouted. “And now, I broke the steel. I’m gonna be pissin’ all night now! And that is the way I like it! Felt good though…” Annie shoved her hand down her panties and began playing with herself. The constant movement of her underwear caused Annie’s still strong stream to fly in all directions. Annie’s unfinished urine tap sprayed several different streams from her now maroon panties all around. “I’m gonna go play with myself and wait for my bladder to refill. Which should be in like… five minutes." Still peeing, Annie waddled off.

“That just leaves you Frank.” Evelyn marched up to Frank. “Does Frank need to tinkle winkle?” Evelyn asked in a childish voice. She pretended to grab herself. “I have to piss too, Frank, I have to piss too.” Evelyn replied. “But I’m a little baby, so I can just do this…” Evelyn lifted her dress up, showing her crinkly diaper. There was a loud hissing noise and Evelyn’s diaper soon became yellow.

Frank joined in and began flooding his pants. Frank’s jeans quickly began navy and the bottom of his white t-shirt began gray. Frank’s puddle met up with Annie’s to form one large puddle.

“I’m gonna go mingle.” Frank said and walked off in his wet pants.

“That just leaves you and me, babe.” Evelyn said. “I know it isn’t your thing, but this is our chance to meet other urine lovers face to face!” Evelyn felt bad. She is the one who forced Mason to go to this party. But she thought it would be good for both of them! It is easy to talk to someone with your fetish on the computer, but in real life… “I promise, babe,” Evelyn rested a hand on Mason’s shoulder. “I am right here for you. I promise. Just stick by me, okay?” Mason smiled at that. “Frank has the right idea.” Evelyn said. “Let’s go mingle!”

*002*2022-12-18 18:55

Here is part 2 of this story! Something to know about this story is that every chapter changes POV between the four main chharacters, Mason, Evelyn, Annie, and Frank. This chapter is Frank's point of view! Enjoy

Just as Sean promised, the party was small. But that was okay, great even! It allowed Frank more time to talk with everyone. He got a ton of comments on his already pee soaked pants.

Frank passed a man who turned and laughed. “Pissed yourself all ready, did yeh?” He barked.

Frank came across a woman who smiled and nodded at him. “I hope you don’t think I am being too inappropriate when I say, I like a gu in wet pants!” The lady licked her lips.

Frank passed another guy who smiled at him and stated, “I smell pee. Feel good?”

“Great!” Frank exclaimed. Frank happily strutted through the place with soaking wet pants.

Frank decided to go outside. There was a small table filled with drinks against the wall. A couple of people were helping themselves to some vodka. There were a couple people swimming in the pool, but nothing crazy. Just as Sean asked, everyone was keeping it quiet. Frank decided to go for a dip. He brought a swimsuit, but he left it in his bag. Not wanting to go back inside, Frank simply took off his pee soaked jeans and t-shirt and climbed in the pool in nothing but his boxers.

Frank slowly descended into the pool from the side. The water was freezing. Between the hot night and walking around in warm wet pants, Frank didn’t mind a little coldness. Frank realized too late that the couple already in the pool were in the middle of intimate activities.

Frank saw through the dim light of nighttime, the man had his penis sticking out underwater through the fly of his boxers. The woman was giving the man a slow handjob underwater. It was nothing crazy, just that slow handjob that told Frank her intentions weren’t necessarily to get him off, just have a little naughty fun.

“Oh, sorry,” Frank quickly made to climb out of the water.

“Oh, no, no, no,” the woman said. “Don’t worry, we don’t mind. Just goofing around!”

“Yeah, no worries bro!” The man called.

“I… I didn’t see you guys in the dark.” Frank apologized.

“It’s cool, bro.” The man assured him.

“Yeah, we like public sex. It turns us on a lot!” The woman exclaimed. “Espesally the idea of getting caught, so thanks.”

“Always happy to be apart of someone else’s sexual fantasy.” Frank joked.

The woman laughed while the man just smirked.

“Oh, my name is Marley.” The woman released her man’s penis and extended her hand towards Frank. She quickly pulled it back and offered the other hand. “I assume you want this hand?” She asked.

“Yeah,” Frank chuckled, shaking Marley’s hand. “Frank.”

“Bob.” The man waved, resting both hands on the sides of the pool behind him.

“You enjoying the party?” Marley asked kindly.

“Oh, yeah! So far so good!” Frank exclaimed. “Never been to these things before.”

“Oh no, we go every year!” Marley said.

“They have this every year?” Frank exclaimed.

Marley nodded. “We love it! We can be ourselves and get to know other omorashi lovers. And hey, no waiting on long bathroom lines like at most parties, huh?” Marley playfully moved her elbow towards Frank.

Frank laughed out loud. “Yeah,” he said. “I guess that’s true.”

“Even urine lovers need to connect.” Bob said.

“My friend Evelyn says that it is one thing to talk with a person on a computer, but it is completely different to talk to a person in real life.” Frank said.

“Your friend Evelyn sounds wise.” Marley said.

“I wouldn’t go that far.” Frank said, scratching his armpit. “But in this case, she is right. I talk to omorashi lovers all around the world on a computer! It is actually how I met the friend I came to this party with. Well, actually, my friends Mason and Annie lived across the street from each other as kids, so they already knew each other. But they met me and our other friend Evelyn and now she is dating Mason.”

“Quite the group there, I see.” Marley laughed.

“Yeah,” Frank gently splashed a floating speck in the water away from him. “But anyways, I agree. I knew these guys online for years. As it turns out, they lived right in my home town.”

“Oh, wow.” Marley commented.

“Yeah, but anyways…” Frank’s voice trailed off. Awkward silence fell for a moment. Frank quickly broke it by asking, “So, you two, if you don’t mind my asking, I assume you are together?”

“Oh, yeah. We’ve been married for three years.” Marley wiggled her ring at Frank.

“Very nice! And you are both into omorashi?” Frank asked.

“Yep.” Marley smacked her lips. “I’m into desperation and wetting and he is more into diapers and public urination. But my all time biggest fetish is golden showers! I don’t know what it is, but something about the warmth failing on me…” Marley’s voice trailed off. “I suppose it is dominance.”

“Golden showers are fun.” Frank agreed. He turned to Bob. “My friend Evelyn is also into diapers. She wore one to the party, actually.” Frank said.

“Oh, yeah.” Marley laughed.

“Does she need me to change her?” Bob joked.

“Oh,” Marley pretended to hit him. “I’m the only woman you should be changing!” She giggled. “What are you into?” Marley asked Frank. “No pressure on answering. You can just tell me to shut up, if you want. I’m just curious.”

“No, no, that’s okay.” Frank promised. “I like wetting and humiliation stuff.”

“Ah, I see, I see!” Marley looked to the stars.

“All of this talk about pee…” Bob began.

“Aww, does my baby need to pee?” Marley eagerly moved back and forth in the water. “Go pee!”

“You mind?” Bob asked Frank.

Frank held up a hand. “Not at all.”

A yellow cloud appeared coming from above Bob’s penis - which was still out in open water. The cloud was small and hard to see, especially at night. But Bob was undoubtedly peeing in the water.

“Nice!” Frank exclaimed.

“Good boy.” Marley began moving her hand up and down Bob’s shaft. She began going faster. “You are a good boy, aren’t you?”

Bob sat back, moaning and groaning as his wife gave him an underwater handjob.

Frank felt like he should leave. He didn’t want to intrude on this moment the lovers were having. But thankfully, Marley looked back at him. She began to let up her handjob on Bob. “Sorry, Frank. Almost forgot you were here.” Marley laughed.

“That’s okay.” Frank replied.

“Where is your girlfriend?” Marley asked. “Bring her in and you gentlemen can both get letting handjobs!”

“I don’t have a girlfriend.” Frank said. “Single and ready to mingle!”

The couple laughed.

“Good for you. Don’t be down.” Marley said. “And hey, there are a lot of nice ladies out there. And some of them are even into omorashi!”

“Like this pee loving lady!” Bob said, jabbing a thumb at his wife.

“I do, I do love pee.” Marley agreed. They all laughed at that.

Frank spent another half an hour in the pool, laughing and talking with Bob and Marley.Frank’s hands began to dry into prunes. Eventually, Marley felt the need to relieve herself too.

“Hey, babe, wanna pee in that bush over there?” Bob motioned to a bush by the pool.

“You nuts?” Marley asked with a half-smile.

“Come on! When we first got here, I held my pee because you like it.” Bob pointed out. “I’m into public stuff. You owe me! Besides, we are at a pee party! No one will even care!”

“Fine.” Marley smiled at Frank. “This is a relationship, give and take.” Marele climbed out of the pool and walked a few feet over to the bush. “Can you see me, okay?” She asked.

Bob swam over to the side of the pool. Holding onto the end and kicking his legs behind him like a child, Bob replied, “Perfect! Squat and pee!”

Frank watched as the attractive Marley pulled down her green panties and squatted low to the ground. A strong stream of urine shot from her pussy and created a large puddle on the ground. Just watching her gush, Frank felt a familiar tingle in his bladder which made him cross his legs underwater.

Marley finished up and returned to the water. “How was that?” She asked her husband.

“So sexy!” Bob cried.

“Hey, you guys mind if I pee?” Frank asked.

“Not at all!” Bob exclaimed.

“Join the party!” Marley said.

Not wanting the couple to see his manhood, Frank peed through his boxers. Despite peeing though clothing, an unmistakable odor and yellow cloud came from Frank’s crotch.

“Feel better?” Marley asked.

Frank said, “Much, thank you.”

*004*2023-01-30 05:44

Chapter 3: Annie's POV

Annie made her way through the house. Annie was probably the most social person in her friend group. She could make friends with anyone easily. Annie struck up a conversation with many omorashi lovers. She mingled around from guest to guest.

“Wow,” Annie heard. She turned around to see a man standing behind her.

“What?” Annie asked.

“Oh, nothing.” The guy replied. “Just umm… you’re hot.” He admired Annie’s wet undies. “Sorry!” He said quickly. “I… I didn’t mean…”

Annie laughed. “That’s alright.” She folded her arms above her bra. “You think I’m hot or the wet spot?"

“Umm… both.”

Annie laughed again. “I’m Annie.”

“Oh, I’m Jimmy.” Jimmy said. They shook hands. “Sorry, I’m bad with girls.”

“No worries. I think you’re doing just fine!” Annie exclaimed.

“Really?” Jimmy whimpered. Annie nodded. “Well, sorry to bother you.” Jimmy said. “You probably want to get back to your boyfriend.”

“Who says I have a boyfriend?” Annie demanded.

“That, umm… that was kind of my way to test it.” Jimmy said uncomfortably.

“Well, nice test.” Annie replied. “I’m single, I take it you are as well.”

“Oh yeah!” Jimmy cried. “Trust me, I am not the guy to cheat on his girl.”

“Good to know,” Annie nodded again. “Let’s sit.”

Jimmy grabbed them each a beer and they sat on the couch talking. They started off talking about the weather then moved into careers. Jimmy was a personal coach. He went around and helped people who couldn’t shake some extra weight. Meanwhile, Annie told him how she was an author. She wrote tons of erotic stories and novels and mostly posted them online. Jimmy was impressed. He told her how exitted he was to read them and copied down the website name in his phone. They then began talking about their sexual fetishes. Annie was into lots of bondage and humiliation, also wetting and desperation of course. Jimmy liked mostly female desperation.

“So, do you like watching guys desperate to pee or do you like it when you are desperate to pee?” Jimmy asked.

“Both.” Annie said. “A full bladder is so hot! And seeing a man with a full bladder is even hotter! I also enjoy watching other women desperate to pee. But that is not a huge turn on for me. Probably because I am straight. Other women usually aren’t a turn on for me in general.”

“Usually?” Jimmy asked.

“We’re all a little gay!” Annie said with a playful shrug. “Don’t tell me you have never fantasized about being with another man!”

“Nope, never.” Jimmy replied.

“Sure, okay.” Annie rolled her eyes.

“I haven’t!” Jimmy shouted. “Well, okay, in high school, I usually showered with this other guy, not like… you know. We just happened to often be in the shower together. And his… you know what was kinda nice. In like a ‘bro checkin’ out the bro’ sort of way.”

“Uh-hu. You probably fantasized about him.” Annie said.

“I didn’t!” Jimmy cried.

“Sure. Tell me, Jimmy,” Annie pressed on. “When you masturbate, do you think of this guy’s ragging hard cock?” Annie playfully leaned forwards and moved her hand up and down.

"Shut up.” Jimmy laughed.

“I’d be lying if I said I haven’t fantasized about being with other women.” Annie said.

Jimmy perked up. “Have you?” His voice came out as a squeak.

“Oh, that got you!” Annie exclaimed. “But yeah, sometimes I just sit back and play with my clit and think of other women's hot boobs. And if I have porn, I’ll watch some boobies knocking around.”

Jimmy laughed. “Really?”

“Sometimes, but I am mostly into gay pron.” Annie said. “Littleraly half of my porn history is gay men playing with each other and having sex. I think gay guys are so hot!”

“Well, umm, come to think of it, Annie,” Jimmy said. “I may be a little gay deep down.”

“Oh, you changed your mood fast!” Annie laughed. “And sorry, but gay guys are only hot when they’re together. But don’t freight, you are hot yourself.” Annie began stroking Jimmy’s mustache. “I like facial hair.”

“Oh, yeah? My mom hates it.” Jimmy said.

“You listen to your mom’s opinion about it?” Annie asked skeptically.

“Oh, no, I just mean… Well, yes. She is my mom.” Jimmy stammered. “But no… her opinions have zero effect on me!”

“That’s a shame.” Annie replied, making a sad face. “I kind of think it is hot when a guy gets along with his mom.”

“Oh, well, good!” Jimmy exclaimed. “Cause, I was just lying to get you to like me! I love my mom! My mom and I are best friends! I even have a coffee mug that says, ‘I heart mom’.”

“You know, you can just tell me the truth.” Annie said simply. “If you find the need to lie to make me like you, you are either a bad person or you are insecure. Both of which are a turn off for me.”

“I never really thought of it like that.” Jimmy muttered. “You’re right. Sorry.”

“It’s okay.” Annie replied. “But if I’m going to have sex with you, I’d like honesty from now on.” Jimmy perked up again. Annie couldn’t help but laugh upon seeing his expression.

“We… we are having sex?” Jimmy squeaked again.

“Only if you are comfortable.” Annie said. She smiled sweaty. “But yeah. I like you. I think we could be good together. Plus, I need to have sex with someone at this party!”

“Well, I am totally fine being that someone!” Jimmy promised.

“Come on,” Annie stood and pulled Jimmy to his feet. “I’ll find an empty room; you go get some more beer and lots of it.” Annie turned to leave.

“Okay, but why?” Jimmy asked.

Annie turned back and smiled. “I’m not having sex with an empty bladder.”

*005*2023-01-30 05:46

Chapter 4: Mason's POV

Mason stuck close to Evelyn. Mason looked around at the large crowd around him. In reality, less than twenty people were at this party and a few of them were outside. But with Mason’s social anxiety, twenty people can appear like a crowd on New Year’s Eve in Times Square.

Evelyn squeezed her boyfriend’s hand. “You doing okay?” She whispered.

“Yeah.” Mason muttered. “Yeah.” Mason had such a wonderful girlfriend to constantly be checking in on him. He wished she hadn’t dragged him to this party, though, but he knew that she did it for his own good.

“Hey,” Sean the host appeared besides the couple. “You folks enjoying the party?”

“Sure are!” Evelyn cried. “Look,” she lifted her dress. “Alright soaked my diadee.”

“Oh, nice,” Sean reached his hand down and squeezed around Evelyn’s wet crinkly diaper. Mason wasn’t too happy about another man feeling his girlfriend’s wet diaper. “How about you, you enjoying the party?” Sean asked Mason.

Mason froze up. What was he supposed to say back? ‘Yes, very much!’ ‘Yes, it is wonderful!’ ‘Thank you so much for throwing this event!’ ‘I’m nervous, but okay.’ No, diffidently not the last one! What could he say? What should be say?

“Umm… hello?” Sean asked.

“He is having a good time.” Evelyn promised, resting a gentle hand on Mason’s chest. Mason wished she wouldn’t drag more attention to him by doing that.

“Peed in any strange places yet?” Sean asked. He pointed the cup he was holding at Evelyn. “I know you are wearing a diaper, but what about you?” Sean pointed his cup at Mason.

Mason felt like that cup was a microphone connected to a speaker that the whole world would hear. Mason didn’t know how to explain that he wasn’t into that part of the fetish. How did he respond? Mason felt his tongue swell and sweat roll down his face.

“Nah, he more likes watching others pee. Mostly women.” Evelyn explained.

“Ah, not into wetting yourself?" Sean asked.

“No, he’s not.” Evelyn said.

“I once dated a girl who was like that.” Sean mentioned.

“Oh, really?” Evelyn asked.

“Yep.” Sean took a sip of vodka. “She loved watching guys pee. But she didn’t get aroused by a full bladder or peeing herself.”

“That’s how he is, but he likes female desperation and wetting.” Evelyn explained.

“Ah, what are you into?” Sean took a long swig of his alcoholic beverage.

“I’m more into wetting, diapers if you couldn’t tell,” Evelyn happily lifted up her dress. “And role playing stuff, so…”

“I see. Either of you want any drinks? Help yourself.” Sean said.

Mason had been fearing this question all night. He hated drugs and alcohol. It might be superstition, but Mason had a very bad view of the way drugs and alcohol affected the brain and body. He wanted no part of them! That was just another reason Mason feared parties.

This time, Mason didn’t even have an opportunity to overthink what he would say. Evelyn spoke up with, “I’m all set and so is he.”

Sean eyed Mason, no doubt wondering why he let his girlfriend do all the talking. Mason got those looks a lot lately.

“Okay, well, enjoy the party, need me, I’ll be around.” Sean took a sip of his vodka and walked off.

“Why did you do that?” Mason asked in a weak voice. It has taken years just to be able to talk to Evelyn and Mason’s other friends. And even then, he is still quite and nervous when he speaks.

“Do what?” Evelyn asked.

“Answer for me, you made me seem rude.” Mason said.

“No, I didn’t!” Evelyn insisted. “I just made myself seem talkative, which I am! Besides, you weren’t going to respond anyway, were you?”

“I was trying, but I…”

“But you have a problem talking to people, I understand and am here to help you.” Evely promised.

“I know, but I…”

“Are nervous around…”

“No, Evelyn,” Mason mumbled. “Just, please listen to me.”

“Sorry, what is wrong with you tonight?” Evelyn asked.

“I didn’t want to come here for one…” Mason began.

“I just wanted to…”

“You interrupted me again.” Mason protested.

“Well, I’m sorry.” Evelyn replied. “But you are so quiet, sometimes it is hard to hear when you are talking. And PS, I still say it is good we came. You can’t hide from people forever! And these people all understand our fetish! If you fit in anywhere, it is here!”

“It is still awkward, I don’t know what to say to people.” Mason said. “Besides, this fetish is embarrassing."

“No it isn’t! Everyone here has the same fetish! Myself included!” Evelyn insisted.

“Can we please just go?” Mason demanded.

“No, I’m having a good time.” Evelyn said.

“Well, I am not!” Mason said.

“I like partying!” Evelyn said. “I haven’t been able to do it much since we started going out.” Evelyn froze, her mouth still open, realizing what she just said.

“What?” Mason mumbled. This was the quietest he has ever been when talking.

“I…” Evelyn swallowed. “I didn’t mean…”

“I didn’t realize my anxiety was holding you back.” Mason mumbled.

“No, Mason, stop!” Evelyn snapped. “You are not holding me, your anxiety is not holding me… Look, okay, maybe a little. But it is not my fault you can’t talk to people!” This time, Evelyn slapped her hand over her mouth. But the words were already out and like a car going through an intersection, there was no going back.

Mason locked eyes with his girlfriend. “Easy for you to say,” Mason said calmly. “You were born with the ability to talk to anybody.” With that, Mason turned and exited the house through the front door.

*006*2023-04-23 22:48

(Sorry it's been so long. Between getting distracted by other stories I've been working on and this post not getting a whole lot of attention, I got distracted lol).

Chapter 5: Frank's POV

Frank, Marley, and Bob decided to get out of the pool. They wrapped around in towels and lay on their backs in the backyard. Everyone else had gone inside. They laid back and looked up at the stars.

Frank’s uncle was an astronomer before he retired. He taught Frank all about the stars. Frank showed off his unlimited star knowledge to his new friends.

“Wow, Frank, you sure know a lot about stars,” Marley said, resting her hands behind her head.

“My uncle is the one that knew a lot. He just taught me.” Frank reminded them.

“Looking up at the stars, you suddenly realize how tiny we are compared to it all,” Bob said. “I guess that is cliche, but still.”

“Yeah.” Frank sighed.

The silence was heard all over the yard. The only noise was a soft hum from the party behind them and a gentle chirping of crickets.

“You know,” Bob said. “My biggest sexual fetish is to be stuck in a diaper and changed by two really hot, sexy girls.”

“Well, lucky for you, I am hot enough to be two girls,” Marley said.

“Not like the ones in my fantasy.” Bob mused. Marley glared at her husband. “Kidding!” Bob shouted, turning his head to the side to look at his wife. “Kidding, of course. You are very hot, babe.”

“Keep talkin’ mister,” Marley giggled, elbowing her husband to keep him quiet. “How about you, Frank? Biggest sexual fantasy?”

Staring up at the stars, Frank pursed his lips. “I am a big nature guy, you see. My all-time biggest fantasy would be to have a girl I am in a relationship with go out with me into the forest. There, she would uncontrollably pee her pants and then we would have sex right underneath the stairs.”

“Mum,” Marley muttered. “Sounds sexy and romantic!”

“How about you?” Frank asked.

“Me?” Marley asked.

“Come on, we answered, babe, it’s your turn!” Bob playfully elbowed his wife back.

Marley breathed out a long sigh. “I suppose… my biggest fantasy would be to have two really hot guys pee all over me. I am really into golden showers and all.”

“Oh!” Bob cried, sitting up on his elbow. “Now who is into two hot people?”

“Oh, shush.” Marley snickered.

“Hey, maybe Frank and I could do it,” Bob said, eyeing Frank. “I mean, we don’t have any diapers or hot girls that I know of… besides you, babe.”

“Mum-hum,” Marley muttered.

“But you can have your fantasy come true,” Bob said. “What do you say?”

It was obvious to Frank that Marley was trying to hide her excitement. “I would love it!” She cried. Marey quickly turned to Frank. “But it is up to you Frank, only if you want.”

“You did say you would love to be a part of someone else’s sexual fantasy.” Bob reminded him.

“That was sarcasm,” Frank said flatly.

Smiling, Marley sat up. “No pressure, Frank.” She said. “You don’t have to do it if you don’t want to.”

Frank looked at the couple. Marley and Bob were both so kind. They were friendly to Frank from the beginning. They weren’t even angry with him for interrupting their private time in the pool. And they just let him ramble on about stars for fifteen minutes. It might be sexy. Who knows? Frank might enjoy it. Marley was really attractive with her long blonde hair and curves and her green bikini. Frank wouldn’t mind being dominant over her. And Frank was no gay man, but Bob was even kind of good-looking with his rugged cheekbones and jawline and black hair. Plus, this would sort of, in a way, fulfill Frank’s fantasy too, of being intimate under the stars.

Frank found himself nodding. “Okay,” he said. “Let’s do it.”

Frank and Bob drank several beers and quickly felt their bladders fill beyond belief. Marley had gone inside and found a mat which she lay on the grass so she would be more comfortable.

Marley sat down on the light blue fabric and smiled up at the guys. “You boys look like you really have to pee,” Marley smirked.

“What makes you say that?” Bob asked, biting his lip and squeezing his crotch.

Laughing, Marley lay down. “Whenever you guys are ready.”

Frank remembered what Sean said about if anyone saw them outside, he would not be held responsible. He also remembered that both Marley and Bob liked public stuff like this. This must be extra exciting for them both to know there was a possibility - even slim - of being caught, It was still the dead of night and the lights in the houses on either side were indeed turned off. It was time to do this. This was farther than Frank ever thought he would go. And it was kind of exciting.

“Wait!” Marley cried. Marley maneuvered around in the dark, taking off her swimsuit. Frank was gratefully surprised by this. “You guys don’t mind, do you?” Marley asked.

“Don’t know about Frank, but mind?” Bob whistled. “You are hot, babe!”

“Thanks, babe.” Marley laid back down again. “Okay, boys,” she said. “Whip ‘em out!”

Frank and Bob did just that. They stood on either side of Marley and took out their penises. Frank noticed that while he maneuvered his penis through his fly, Bob took his out over the waistband. Frank was initially going to comment on it but decided against it.

Frank relaxed his bladder which was filled to the brim with all the beer he had just drank. Frank watched as a strong jet of nearly clear fluid shot from the head of his penis. Frank aimed and watched his urine stream splatter down on Marley’s bare chest. Meanwhile, Bon’s stream struck her naked breasts. Funny that is the first spot Bob decided to target!

Marley moaned with pleasure. She reached down and began fingering herself. “Yes, yes,” she moaned. “Quick, someone, get my hair!”

Frank moved his penis to the side and sprayed Marley’s golden hair with his golden liquid. Bob was busy filling up her belly button.

“Oh, oh yeah, and my legs!” Marley moaned.

Frank and Bob each hosed down one of Marley’s legs. Frank then sprayed Marley’s cures while Frank took care of watering down her vulva.

Marley was busy fingering herself with one hand and with the other, she was running her fingers through her thick bush of pubic hair. “That’s right, babe, that’s right, get my pussy! Soak my pussy for me! Oh, god!” Marley wailed.

Frank felt his stream slowly come to a halt. The power of Frank’s stream quickly died down until only a few drops dribbled out.

“No, don’t stop Frank, Frank don’t stop!” Marley moaned.

“Sorry, Marley.” Frank shook off his penis. “All out,” Frank said, placing his penis back in his boxers.

Bob finished up a moment later and tucked his member away as well.

Marley sat up. Urine was dripping down her skin in tiny beads. Marley was covered in golden drops that resembled morning dew.

“That… was so hot!” Marley wailed. She licked some pee off her arm. “Quite literally! Thank you, babe. And thank you, Frank! You both made my fantasy come true!”

“You’re welcome.” Frank decided against mentioning that she and Bob also made his fantasy come true! Frank was joking around earlier, but as it turns out… he kind of does like being apart of other people’s sexual fantasies!

*008*2023-05-18 20:05

This next part is told from Annie's POV. Also, BEWARE, this next part has sex in it, so if you are uncomfortable with that...

***DO NOT READ***

Otherwise, enjoy!

Annie sat up in bed, squirming around. She was lucky to have found an empty room with a bed in it. Judging from all the doors that were closed - and the noises behind them - a lot of people at this party had the same idea they did. Annie wondered if they planned on having sex with full bladders too.

Scattered all over the floor were half a dozen empty beer bottles. Annie’s bladder was already super full. She had to grab and hold and cross and it was super sexy!

Jimmy sat on the bed with her. He fidgeted his hips around occasionally, but nothing like what Annie was doing. She was doing a full-on pee pee dance!

“Gotta go, huh?” Jimmy asked.

“Alcohol fills up my bladder super quickly,” Annie explained. “Plus, you already saw my wet spot earlier.” Annie showed Jimmy her panties, but they were nearly dry now. “I already broke the seal.” Annie pressed her knees to her chest and moaned, “Oh… I gotta go so bad! How full are you?”

“A lot,” Jimmy replied. “Not like you though.”

“How long do you think you can hold it for?” Annie asked playfully as she squirmed all around on the mattress.

“Probably another hour under normal circumstances,” Jimmy replied.

“Yeah?” Annie got to her knees. “What if I did… this?” Annie pressed a hand down hard on Jimmy’s firm bladder bulge.

Jimmy let out a sharp moan. When Annie finally stopped, Jimmy met her eyes and stated, "Congratulations, you just reduced me to forty-five minutes."

“Good.” Annie laughed. She leaned forward, wrapping both arms around Jimmy’s neck. “If I have to suffer, you have to suffer.”

Giggling, Annie and Jimmy lay down in bed and began making out. They soon moved to take off each other’s clothing. Annie was pleasantly surprised to see Jimmy’s manhood already a bit firm. Annie gave him a nice handjob and he went to play with her clit.

The whole time, Annie and Jimmy - especially Annie - were squirming and grabbing themselves. Foreplay was the most exciting part for Annie. Normally that is, but when she had to pee, the actual sex with more exciting for her.

Jimmy put on his condom and eyed a hungry, pee-filled Annie. “Okay, you ready?” Jimmy asked, grabbing hold of his erection, and forcing his bladder to stay closed.

“Yeah,” Annie said, grabbing her vagina with all her might. Excitement shot through Annie like electricity. She could hardly wait to feel the pulse of her bladder as Jimmy’s hard erection rammed into it at full force. “I love having sex on a full bladder!” Annie said. “It is such a turn-on for me! I love the feeling of a painfully full bladder begging to empty with added pressure on it…” Annie felt ready to cum just at the thought.

“Then let’s do this.” Jimmy carefully climbed on top of Annie and slid his erect penis into her vaginal canal.

Feeling Jimmy’s penis hit her clit and then her bladder, Annie made a loud moan and screamed to god. Jimmy moved in and out. He started off slow, but as things ramped up, he moved faster and harder. Annie knew she would cum soon, but she didn’t want to. She wanted Jimmy to keep ramming her until her bladder burst, Annie wanted the pee to escape first, not the cum!

Jimmy continued banging Annie and it felt so good. Annie felt her bladder quake and spasm, begging to release just a little of the pressure, but she kept it locked up tight. But it was hard. Between all the diuretics in her bladder and the added force of Jimmy’s hard penis, it was incredibly tough to keep the sphincter closed off. But Annie somehow managed.

Annie stared up at Jimmy. Jimmy’s face had sweat dripping off of it. Some sweat droplets fell onto Annie, but she didn’t mind. If anything, that added to the sexiness of the moment. Jimmy’s eyes were wide and firm. He looked like a gorilla ready to devour a banana. Annie liked that look! Jimmy looked focused on his mission to make her cum. And he was about to!

Annie felt her ejaculation ready to make a break for it. She wished she could easily stop her ejaculation as easily as she could stop her urine. And even then, it was getting much tougher to keep back the golden wave inside that so desperately wanted out. Annie felt the urine inside her bladder shift with each in-and-out movement Jimmy made. Annie wondered how close Jimmy was to coming.

Annie felt her weak bladder let a few drops out. She begged them to stay in. Annie wanted this moment with Jimmy to last forever. Sadly for her, Jimmy did his work very well and Annie felt her powerful ejaculation shoot out of her vagina.

Annie threw her head back on the pillow and grunted. Hot liquid shot all over Jimmy’s condom and some on the bed. Now that the cum was out, Annie’s bladder officially gave up. The second type of hot liquid sprayed everywhere. The mattress and covers around Annie’s vulva quickly grew darker and darker. Jimmy quickly pulled his now-soaked, cum covered penis out. He yanked off his condom and peed all over Annie’s legs.

Annie moaned in pleasure. They say that there is no better feeling than emptying your bladder. The feeling is even better than sex. The people who say that are wrong. There is no better feeling than emptying your full bladder directly after sex.

Annie and Jimmy lay under the soaking wet covers together, completely naked.

“That… was the best!” Jimmy’s chest moved up and down.

“Yeah,” Annie moaned, her chest also rising and falling with each desperate breath she took. “My bladder is shaking, my clit is trembling, I am in heaven!” Annie threw her hands back on the pillow and Jimmy laughed.

“I assume we are in a relationship now?” Jimmy asked.

Annie glared at him. “That was fast?”

“I just mean… I can’t have sex with someone I am not emotionally attached to.” Jimmy said.

“Don’t be a girl!” Annie laughed, playfully slapping him on his bare chest.

Jimmy frowned. “You said you want me to be honest.”

“Yeah?” Annie continued to pant.

“That hurts my feelings,” Jimmy said. “And before you make fun of that, you know, what is ironic? Women are the first ones to tell me to show emotion, but when we do, you women are also the first to shame us for it. Not always, men sometimes shame me. Regardless, I do have feelings. I’m sorry, but I need an emotional connection! I can’t just have meaningless sex! I am a girl in that aspect, I guess! I need romance and love in order to have sex! Your playful flirting out there was what really got me in the mood?”

“Really? I thought it was my titties?” Annie said.

Jimmy shrugged. “They helped,” he admitted.

Annie felt like a bit of a jerk. She didn’t mean to shame Jimmy. She just thought it was kind of funny he was sounding so feminine. Maybe Annie did have a problem. Come to think of it, Jimmy was absolutely right. Everyone told men to show emotions, but several of those people also mocked men when they did! Even if she was just joking around, Annie didn't want to be one of those people.

“I’m sorry,” Annie apologized. “I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings. I was just joking around. You know, like I was doing out there… when I was turning you on.” Annie playfully wiggled under the covers.

“I know, I am just over-sensitive,” Jimmy admitted. “But I hate when women do that. ‘Show emotion.’ ‘You are a girl for showing emotion!’” Jimmy shook his head. “You can’t have it both ways.”

“Yeah, you’re right. Sorry.” Annie said, staring at the ceiling. She turned to Jimmy. “And for what it’s worth, I’d like to go out with you, and get to know you a little, but yes, I sense a relationship diffidently starting!”

Jimmy smiled at her. ”Good.” He leaned in and kissed her on the cheek. It was a soft, passionate kiss, the kind you could not fake. Suddenly, Annie’s bladder and clit weren’t the only things tingling.

I decided just to post the rest of the story now, that way I won't have to worry about it later. This next part is from Mason's POV.

Mason sat on the doorstep of the house. He couldn’t go home as he didn’t have a car and the limo wouldn’t come for another two or three hours. But he definitely didn’t want to stay in there.

The front door opened behind Mason. Evelyn stepped out. “Hey,” she said.

“Hey,” Mason muttered.

“There’s a couple inside peeing all over each other in public view and you are missing it.” Evelyn said softly. “They even peed in each other’s beer and are making each other drink it. That girl has good aim too! She peed into the mouth of her partner’s beer bottle without missing a drop.”

“Thanks, but I’m good out here,” Mason muttered.

Evelyn sighed. She closed the door to the party and sat down on the step beside Mason. The summer night was cool and crisp. Crickets were heard all around the grass.

“Look, Mason,” Evelyn began. “I’m sorry for what I said. You do not hold me back and I am sorry you can’t talk. I promised I would be here for you, and I only made your situation worse.”

“It’s okay.” Mason pulled his knees to his chest. “I guess we are even, huh?”

“What do you mean?” Evelyn wondered.

“Well, whether you meant it or not, you are right.” Mason said, “I do hold you back. You want to party and my idea of a night on the town is going to a small movie theater and cuddling,”

“Well, for what it’s worth, I enjoy that too,” Evelyn said.

“Really?” Mason asked, skeptically.

“I do. But I also like parting. Maybe I can help you overcome your social anxiety.” Evelyn suggested.

“I have tried before and failed. You can’t outgrow fear.” Mason said forlornly. “People think you can, but you can’t. I wish everyone would stop acting like there is a switch in my head I can flick to shut off my fear. If there was, I would have done that a long, long time ago.”

“Yeah, sorry I am one of those people,” Evelyn said. “But I am super proud of you for coming out tonight!”

“Why? I didn't talk to anyone, I barely spoke to Frank or Annie. And I snapped at you.” Mason pointed out.

“A) I kind of deserved it for being a jerk,” Evelyn replied. “And B) You still came out. You faced your fear and came here anyway! That alone shows courage!”

“Thanks,” Mason said. “I just get so nervous, you know. I have no idea what to say to people. I always overthink what I say.”

“You can talk to me.” Evelyn pointed out.

“Yeah, but that’s different,” Mason insisted.

Evelyn raised an eyebrow and tilted her head, letting her long hair fall. “Really? How so?” She asked.

“You’re my girlfriend. I know you love me!” Mason said. “But other people might not. I want to be perfect to please others. I guess that’s dumb, huh?”

“No. But personally, I say, screw other people! Know what I learned a long time ago” Evelyn said. “Man, don’t waste your life away trying to please other people. People are always gonna have a stick up their behinds about something. Why try and please them only for them to bitch at you for something else tomorrow? You are who you are, and I like who you are! I think you are perfect! And you said so yourself, I’m your girlfriend. My opinion of you is the only one that matters! And even then, if you like something about yourself and I don’t screw me! Be who you are and don’t worry about being perfect or making others happy. They are not worth it. You’re just gonna make yourself sick.”

“Like I did tonight,” Mason said.

“You got sick tonight?” Evelyn asked.

“Well, super scared type sick,” Mason said. “Also, I yelled at you.”

“Again, I was a rotten girlfriend, I deserved it,” Evelyn said. “I should have listened to you and taken your feelings into consideration. I know others' opinions are important to you. I should have known by speaking for you, you were afraid of being rude. Sorry.”

“It’s okay,” Mason said.

Evelyn added, “I’m also sorry I dragged you here, by the way.”

“You know what… I am glad you did.” Mason said. “Come on, let’s go see if that crazy couple has done anything else.”

“You mean… you want to go back in?” Evelyn asked in shock.

“Yeah. Let’s give this another shot.” Mason said. “But if anyone offers me drugs or alcohol again, I’m booking it!”

Evelyn laughed out loud. “That seems fair, dude! And hey, by the way, I used my diaper again and I am in desperate need of a change!” Evelyn showed her boyfriend the yellowed-down fabric of her soft, now squishy diaper. “And I can feel my bowels working on something big and brown as we speak!” Evelyn added.

Mason laughed as she said this. Evelyn joined in. Laughing, they helped each other to their feet.

“Then, let’s find a private place to change you,” Mason said.

“You can change me out in the open,” Evelyn said. “It is my vagina and I’m okay with it!”

“Yeah, but people scare me.” Mason reminded her. “Let’s meet in the middle and I’ll change you only when not many people are around.”

“That seems fair.” Evelyn agreed. “And it will give my bowels time to work on a nice big sticky masterpiece for you!”

Laughing, Mason took a deep breath, then re-entered the party.

Edited May 18, 2023 by UrineLover1 (see edit history)

*009*2023-05-18 20:14

This final part is from Evelyn's POV! Hope this story was enjoyable!

A few hours later, the limo pulled up to the house. Evelyn, Mason, Frank, and Annie said their goodbyes to Sean and all the other friends they made tonight and made their way outside.

Evelyn spotted a man at the door shouting goodbye to Annie.

“Bye, Annie, you got my number, right?” He called.

Annie waved her cell phone to him. “Sure do! Bye, Jim!”

“Who was that?” Frank asked.

“Jimmy. The man I slept with tonight,” Annie said.

“Go, Ann!” Evelyn cried.

“I love how you introduce him as the man you slept with,” Mason chuckled.

“Oh, look who's chatty!” Annie said, hands on her hips. “Tell me, Mason, what exactly inspired you to place those twelve words together into one sentence?”

“Nothing,” Mason smiled at Evelyn and she smiled back.

“Hey, Evelyn, fresh diaper?” Frank asked, examining Evelyn’s backside.

“Yep. At least until that wine, I drank kicks in,” Evelyn laughed.

“Hey, how was the party?” The limo driver asked.

The friends all muttered how great it was.

“Umm, excuse me, not to be a dick or anything, but is there a way to give us privacy?” Evelyn asked the driver.

“Well, as long as you are not trying to be a dick,” the diver pushed a button on his dashboard and a black soundproof panel rose upwards, separating the group from their limo driver.

Evelyn, Mason, Frank, and Annie swapped stories and experiences from the night. Frank told them all about how he and this other guy gave the guy’s wife a golden shower. Annie talked about how she met and slept with Jimmy. They had great full-bladder sex! Evelyn and Mason decided to leave out their argument. This just discussed how Mason followed Evelyn around with fresh diapers all night and gave her a good change when she needed one.

“Well, one thing is for certain,” Evelyn said.

“What’s that?” Annie asked.

“I don’t know about you guys,” Evelyn looked from her boyfriend to her two other friends. “But next year, I am definitely going back to another pee party!”

