Discord's Dance

Author: Unknown104

*000*2018-09-18 05:04

Posted this to Tumblr a few weeks ago, figured it'd fit here too.

All the characters are 18+ and anthro.

###

"Mmm..."

A single claw grazed across Celestia's midsection, rousing her from her sleep. Cobwebs and grogginess slowed her consciousness but the gears in her head began to turn. She turned over onto her back, the silky blanket tickling her skin. The room was covered in darkness, shadows cast from the moonlight shining through the bedroom window at the other side of the room. Soon enough, she would have to start her day and raise the sun.

"Morning, Celly."

Though, she still had some time.

She glanced over, Discord laying on the other side of the bed. With a sly grin, her dragged the claw gently across her ribs, running back down to her thigh. She stifled a giggle, pressing her knees together. "Don't do that."

"Why not?" His claw moved up her pelvis, stopping perfectly on top of her bladder. "It couldn't be because of this little thing, could it?" He pressed down on it gently, sending a dose of desperation through her. Her bladder was firm, pushing outwards an inch or two. She hadn't peed in two days. Somehow, Discord had managed to talk her into it, the mad man!

"Of course not." She separated her knees, trying not to let the sheets move too much. "Would you like to be tickled the first thing when you wake up?"

"Depends on the one doing it." He snickered. Celestia rolled her eyes, shuffling to sit up in her bed. Her nightgown pulled down as she moved up, the straps on her back becoming tight and the fabric around her bladder and breasts becoming tighter. She felt a rather strong urge, but she tried her best not to show it, only allowing herself a moment or two of squirming before she corrected the issue.

"So," He sat up with her, wearing a white tank top of red boxers with white stripes. "How much longer do you think you can last?" Discord questioned. "Don't get me wrong- as much as I'd love to see that little bulge of yours get larger... Won't it interfere with things? Royal mumbo-jumbo and whatnot?"

"It won't." Celestia stated. "Besides, it'd be more fun for the both of us if it did, wouldn't it? Who cares?"

"You do have a point..." He grinned. "Is that a hint of rebelliousness I sense in little Mrs. Goodie Two-shoes?"

"I'm getting it from you." She leaned over, planting a quick kiss on his cheek before she stood up. Her thighs pressed together almost immediately as the liquid in her bladder sloshed and squished around, instantly regretting her decision to stand up so fast. Discord chuckled at the sight.

"Seems like that bladder isn't as strong as you let on. Maybe you won't be able to last as long as I tell you to."

Her head shot back towards him, staring a hole through him. "It was a moment of weakness, nothing more!"

Discord grinned. "Well, I suppose I should be getting back to Flutters' now." He stood up, grabbing his pair of jeans at the foot of the bed and pulling them on.

"Same time tonight?" Celestia turned around.

"You know it." Discord nodded. "Oh- almost forgot," He turned back to her, snapping his fingers. A full pot of tea sat on the carpet in front of Celestia's bare feet, with a small tea cup beside it, summoned by his draconequus magic. "Don't worry about cleaning it up, it'll disappear once you've finished it." He turned back around. "See you tonight, C!"

In the blink of an eye. Discord had disappeared. Celestia bent down, picking the pot by the handle, swishing it around. It was full, right to the brim. At least I don't have to brew my own this morning... She rolled her eyes, grabbing the cup and pouring into it.

Celestia walked over to the darkened part of the room, feeling around for her closet. After a few moments, her blind hands managed to find the familiar wooden doorknob. She sat the pot down, opening her closet. Per usual, she had already prepared her outfit the night beforehand. She pulled out a white dress and a small brown belt with a golden belt buckle. Lulu's probably tired by now, I probably shouldn't waste time.

She tipped her head back and chugged the rest of the tea in her cup, setting it to the side. Celestia quickly pulled the the dress over her head, slipping her arms through the open straps, showing off her shoulders and collar. The dress went down a inch or two below her knees. As adventurous as she had become with Discord, she still didn't want to run the risk of a subject seeing her in such a state.

Next, she grabbed hold of the belt, pulling it around her back and tightening it over her bladder. She winced slightly, her thighs pressing together for moment before she regained control. Mm, he is going to love this!

She turned around, bending down to grab her socks and shoes. The buckle pressed into her bladder hard, giving her a jolt of pleasure and desperation. All that tea and water is sloshing around... But it won't be coming out. Not for a while. She bit her lip, the thought exciting her so much! I'll be good for Discord. I can wait until he let's me go.

She slipped on a pair of socks and some small heels. Nothing major- perhaps a half inch or so. She closed her closet, feeling around the top of it. Eventually, she got her hands on to a small, handheld mirror. She checked face and hair, still as perfect as the day before.

Just need to get through to tonight. My bladder can handle it. Celestia grabbed the pot and the cup before she headed towards the door, ready to start her day.

*004*2018-09-22 06:13

Thanks for the responses! It's really nice to have some feedback.

This part is going to be a little short(on a time crunch thanks to work) but hopefully it can satisfy you for a little while.

###

Celestia sat upon her throne, her spine straight, her chin up, and wings folded behind her back, ready to face whoever or whatever was brought to her attention next. She had sent Luna to bed already, but that was about all the excitement she had during the morning.

The price for a peaceful country, I guess. She giggled quietyl, taking another sip from her teacup. Mmm, delicious... Her small sip turned into a large gulp of the masterfully brewed drink. She sat beside the pot, a servant having brought her a small glass plate to set them on. I wouldn't expect him to know how to boil a pot of tea, but I suppose Draconequus magic is spontaneous...

Celestia shifted in her seat, crossing one leg over the other. She had some difficulty getting comfortable, but she managed to keep her squirming to a minimum. Her bladder felt heavy, and it firmly pressed against the belt. She tried to keep her mind off of it, but with nothing to distract herself, it was a little difficult.

Count on it to be the slowest day when I need to focus on something else. She sighed inwardly. It had been about 60 hours since she last emptied her bladder, and it was making sure she knew how full it was getting.

You need to go yet, She told herself. Not for a long while. She chewed on her lip, her own dirty talk exciting her. If only she could get a moment of privacy...

Celly uncrossed her legs. She took hold of the handle of the teapot and filled her cup. This is going to be one long day...

*007*2018-10-01 07:00

Celestia shifted and squirmed in her seat. Her hands were lying flat on her lap, a respectable distance away from her crotch. She squeezed her thighs together for a moment, rubbing them together before separating them. Why is it so much worse?

She glanced over to the spot where the teapot formerly sat. Celly had finished it off hours ago, but she could already feel it's weight adding into her bladder. It was beginning to really bother her. I can hold it for much longer than this... I've done it before... But I really need to go! Her knees pressed together, bouncing and jumping in a very undisciplined manner. I don't get it, I've only had a pot-

Celestia froze, a revelation finally coming upon her. Discord's tea! He spiked it! She sat up, only for a jolt of pain to send her back into then cushion of her throne. Pee sloshed around in her bladder. I need to go so badly now... Once I get my hands on him- She paused, closing her eyes and inhaling deeply through her nose. I have to wait. He's not going to make me pee yet.

Celestia reopened her eyes, an orange glow cast over her. With a quick glance, her horn brightened as she began to lower the sun, making room for Luna when she arrived. Now that that's taken care of... She slowly stood up, making sure not to squish or compress her bladder more than it already was. It's time Discord and I had a little chat.

*010*2018-10-14 06:12

Sorry for the delay, busy week(and feeling a bit under the weather)

###

Celestia paced back and forward, her heels tapping against the concrete. Crickets chirped, most(if not all) the little creatures of Canterlot Garden beginning to get ready for slumber.

Who does he think he is? Putting diuretics in my tea?! She crossed her arms over her chest, a cool breeze blowing through the garden, making her shiver slightly. If this was even a year or two ago, I would've turned him to stone and be done with it.

Her pacing was beginning to become a slow hobbling. I swear I'm ripping this belt off the moment I get back to the room. She placed a hand on the buckle, tempted to not even wait until then to do it. If she could get some privacy, maybe...

No, you're above this petty squabble. You will hold it without complaint, and you won't reduce yourself to-

A pair of claws pounced on the back of her shoulders. "Hiya, Celly!"

Celestia gasped aloud, turning around with her first drawn back and her horn glowing with the most destructive spell she could think of.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, easy!" Discord raised his hands. "Kidding, kidding, C!"

Celestia stared at him for a moment, releasing her magic. She stepped up him and slugged him in his right shoulder as hard as she could.

"Ow, what was that for?!" He rubbed his shoulder through his black T-shirt.

"For being a jerk, and for scaring me." She turned around, sticking her nose up in the air.

"You say it like it's two separate things." He rubbed the back of his head.

"It is."

"Mmm..." He reached into the back pocket of his jeans, pulling out a small notepad. "Not that one... Nope, stole a carrot from the little furball yesterday... Ah!" He turned back up to her. "It's about the tea, isn't it?

Celestia silently nodded. "You put diuretics in my tea."

Discord paused for moment. "... You never said I couldn't."

She turned around. "I don't care! You shouldn't have!"

He rubbed the back of his head, glancing downward. "Maybe I was a liiiiiiiiiiitle bit out of line." He took a couple of steps forward. "But that my thing, sweetheart. Being, y'know, an Element of Chaos. Wouldn't want it to get stale, would we?"

"N... No, but-" She closed her eyes, placing her hands on her laps. "I'd like a warning first." Her hips wiggled, dancing a little in place. "It's so bad now!"

"Aw, sweetheart, you really need to go now." He took another step closer, placing his hands around her back. "Why don't we head back to your place... Get all nice and cozy, and get some drinks, shall we?"

She glanced down for a moment, taking a deep breath before she sighed. "Fine, but don't even think that I'm forgetting about this."

"Mmhm, sure sweety." He wrapped his shoulder around her neck. "We'll see how you feel about that later..."

*014*2019-04-14 00:26

Celestia hobbled into her room, kicking off her heels. She made an awkward attempt at walking to the bed, her knees knocking together with each step. Her shaky hands wrapped around the end of her belt, pulling it for a moment to slip the buckle out of the hole in the leather.

"Ah-" She cried, her bladder reacting violently to the sudden increase in pressure. Her thighs pressed together tightly against the hot pee trying to escape her bladder, clenching her muscles as she forced it to remain inside.

"Mm, seems like that bladder isn't all the princess makes it up to be..."

Celestia's head shot up, seeing her evil companion leaning against the door frame, his arms crossed over his chest.

"Y-You're lucky I don't turn you to stone..." She took hold of the belt again, making another attempt to remove the tight belt.

"Mmhm, suuuuure Celly. You know you'd die of boredom without me."

Well, he isn't wrong…

She took a quick breath, preparing herself for the pressure that was coming soon. Like a bandaid...

She quickly pulled on the belt, the buckle's metal point slipping out of and lifting the pressure off her bladder. The relief was heavenly, eliciting a loud moan out of Celestia. She tossed the belt to the other side of the room in an uncharacteristic showcase of force and carelessness.

"Oh my, that wasn't very princess-ly."

She turned her head to him, her magic surrounding the door and slamming it in his face. "Ow..." Discord croaked from the other side of the door.

She breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, some peace and quiet.

Celestia sat down on the bed, allowing her magic to do most of the work she'd usually just do physically. She felt like if she put any more movement or strain on it, the consequences would be dire. Damned Discord and his diuretics.

She lifted her arms over her head, allowing her magic to pull her dress off, neatly setting it to the side. It brought her linen sleeping gown over to the bed and sat it on top of her dress, quickly opening her closet and preparing her next outfit for tomorrow. She grabbed it, slipping it over her head. It slid down and reached right below her inner thighs. She took a deep breath, releasing a relieved sigh. Finally, it felt like she had room to breathe...

"Oh, Celly~" Discord cooed from behind her door. "I'm perfectly fine with staying out here- totally missing out on whatever you're doing in there... But you do realize that the longer I'm out here, the more likely it'll be that someone'll notice me, right?"

Shoot! Celestia used her magic a final time, pulling the door open and dragging her boyfriend inside. She slammed the door behind him.

"That's better." Discord smiled and snapped two of his taloned fingers. She squirmed in her seat, her inner thighs trembling with need, a thin layer of sweat on her legs. Her hands were kept at her side, clenched into two fists. "You seem awfully desperate, Celly."

"Because of you!" She spoke through her bared teeth.

"You can pee anytime you want, darling dearest. What am I gonna do; try to stop one of the most powerful magic users throughout Equus, with a painfully full bladder, and who's probably not in the best of moods?"

Celestia winced a little at the mention of her bladder. It already felt painfully full... Surely enough to flood any toilet she'd try to empty the gargantuan amount of pee into. The thought made it both a little easier and a little harder to hold; one from excitement, and the other from the attention her huge bladder demanded.

"No, no, no. I may enjoy the chaos, but I'd rather not get turned to stone, or worse." He chuckled a little. "Besides, you and I both know you can hold for another day, easily."

Celestia squeezed her legs together, her bladder immediately detesting the thought of keeping its contents inside for another full day. The thought did arouse some sense of lust in the millennia-old alicorn, though it was outweighed by thoughts of her full bladder.

"I guess..." She said with a pitiful voice. Her cheeks flushed, both from embarrassment and arousal.

Discord's face brightened. "Good, good... you're gonna be so full." He sat down beside her, placing his talons on her clenched hand.

"Mmhm..." She groaned quietly. "I- I don't need to go yet, my body just wants to."

"Well said, my sweet." Discord's talons crawled up her arm, hopping from her elbow to her chest, teasing her breasts with agonizingly slow, gentle strokes towards her center. She wiggled and danced on the bed, her legs bouncing and her hands clenching the bed tightly. He slid down, teasing her midsection with tickling little wiggling of his talons, rubbing against her ribs gently. She giggled quietly, her pee sloshing around inside her bladder.

"I think we both have been waiting for this."

Discord's talons pounced onto the taut bulge of Celestia's bladder. She gasped, squeezing her legs together as he pressed down on it.

"D- Disc-" She cried out before she could finish, his pawed hand moving to separate her legs. He kneeled down between her legs, looking her twitchy, desperate, tight p-

POOF

A rolled letter appeared out if a purple cloud of magic, bouncing off of Discord's head and into Celestia's lap. She turned her head down to it.

"H-Hold on... Discord, g-give me a moment." She moaned quietly, trying to get her barring back to pick up the letter. It was rather difficult, with her boyfriend's little talons stabbing into her painfully full bladder.

"Come on, Celly. Surely that can wait." He looked up at her, pulling back slightly.

"It's f-from Twilight, it's p-probably important."

Discord frowned. "Right when it was getting good, too..." He removed both his extremities from her body. She breathed a sigh of relief, her body visibly relaxing now that it wasn't being pushed so hard.

"Don't worry. It's not like I'm going any time soon." Celestia giggled, beginning to unroll the letter.

"That is true." He grinned, sitting down beside her. "So, what's the princess-in-training up to? Anything interesting?"

Celestia quickly read over the letter. "She said that she and her friends are having a contest of sort... Mmm... She wants me to help her out with it."

"Oh, I think I remember Fluttershy mentioning something of the sort... Something about 'testing their limits' or whatever." He rubbed his chin. "So, what does she need help with?"

"She doesn't say... just that she wanted me to come as soon as I could."

"Well... It's not like we have anything to do now, is there?"

"I suppose you're right..." Celestia sighed, standing up and hobbling to the closet.

"Mind if I go ahead and go? I'll meet you at her library."

"Be my guest. I won't be long- just need to get dressed again." She said, bending over to pick her belt back up before she opened the closet.

"See ya there, Celly."

Discord snapped his fingers, disappearing behind her.

*018*2019-05-13 06:49

In a flash of her bright magic, Celestia appeared outside of her student's humble library. The sun had fully set, the moon beginning to rise. She placed a hand gingerly on the buckle of her belt, forcing herself to wear the accursed thing. If it were anyone else she'd have to meet with, she may have gotten away with going without it, but her student was no fool. She'd have noticed and astutely pointed it out, and she'd rather not have to deal with the chore of explaining it at the moment.

With a quick breath, she walked up to the library's front door, trying to stay as natural was one with such a full bladder could be. She knocked, stepping back and-

The door opened unusually quickly. "Hello, Princess. Come in." Twilight motioned her in. She entered, her student shutting the door behind them. Her hands fumbled with the lock, panicky and shaky.

"Is everything alright?" Celestia turned to her student, wearing star patterned shorts and an old t-shirt. Her eyes had bags beneath them as if she hadn't slept the previous night.

"Yes, it's nothing major." She turned to face her teacher, though she didn't meet her gaze. "I- I just needed some help setting up this thing we're doing."

"Okay..." Celestia agreed. "So, what did you need from me?"

"I- uh" Her legs pressed together for a moment, her hands twitching slightly. "I needed help with a few spells. Everything else is pretty much done."

"I'll see what I can do."

"Great. Let me just, uh-" Twilight quickly stepped passed her mentor. No- more like hobbled, each step seeming to be less balanced than the last. "F-Follow me please, Princess." She said with a quivering voice.

The alicorn followed behind her pupil. It felt odd, seeing the usually calm, composed student acting so uncoordinated and frazzled. Why is she being so strange?

Celestia looked around the kitchen as she entered. The marble counter towards the left side of the room sat cleared and the sink towards the middle was completely empty. A few empty bottles of water sat on top of the wooden table towards the center of the room.

"I- I was experimenting with... er..." Twilight tapped her fingers against the table, her legs shaking slightly. "Balloons... a-and how to increase their capacity without risking increasing the risk of bursting prematurely."

Oh… does she need to…? A little blush spread across her face. Perhaps it was just Celestia's mind making her motions out to be more than they actually were, but it would’ve made sense that her student simply needed to use the bathroom, considering her strange behavior and the nature of the spell she had described. I wonder… no, she couldn't really need to, could she?

Celestia forced the more risque thoughts out of her mind for the moment. She swallowed, forcing a lump down her throat and sitting down at the kitchen table.

"And?" Celestia questioned. Her student danced slightly, only making her blush deeper. As perverse, and as shameful as it was for her to admit, she'd be lying if she said she wasn't the least bit interested in seeing her student so desperate.

"I-I could always protect it from bursting, b-but I never could increase the capacity. Maybe you could h-help me?"

I can't help it, I have to ask.

"And what do these 'balloons' have to do with the contest you mentioned?"

"Um..." Twilight's face flushed brightly. "Er... C-Could I tell you after?" She questioned with a giggled. Celestia's brow furled with a stare of disapproving stare. Twilight turned her head towards the table.

"R-Right..." Twilight sighed, clearly reluctant to disclose why. "W-We're going to... h-have a holding contest."

Celestia felt her pulse rise. Suddenly, her bladder didn't seem like such a pressing issue.

"As in... holding your pee?"

Her student could only manage a quick nod of her head, too embarrassed to speak.

I wonder if she's been holding for a long time? Perhaps a few hours? Or maybe since this morning? Celestia blushed deeply, her perverted thoughts seeming to return to the forefront of her mind. "Y- You six aren't doing it now, are you?"

"N-No!" Twilight responded, a little too quickly. "I-I mean, not for a few days." She said, sitting down across from her teacher. Her figure bounced subtly, though she tried to steel herself in front of her. It was as arousing as it was adorable, seeing her student fight so valiantly not to let her see how much she really needed to go. Not that it mattered at this point.

"Mm, alright." She said, a hint of skepticism about her.

All the Elements of Harmony, having a holding contest... Now that'd be a sight to see.

Celestia cleared her throat, taking a quiet, stuttering breath. "So, I assume this will be for bladders, not balloons, correct?" She placed a hand on her right knee, digging her fingernails into the skin. Her bladder twitched slightly, her arousal making it harder to keep herself contained. Calm down, keep control...

Twilight, yet again, nodded violently. Her right hand sat atop the table while the left pressed into her crotch below.

"And you've been testing these on balloons, correct?

"Yes, p-princess."

"Well, that explains why it wouldn't work. Magic like this works off of the magic of the person it's being cast on." Celestia explained, sitting down at the table. She turned her head towards the table, forcing her eyes away from her student's poorly hidden potty-dancing. "As long as you cast it on a person, their magic will support it. Even on those without a horn or wings, like Applejack and Pinkie Pie."

"Ah... R-Right... How'd I miss that?" Twilight rubbed her forehead. "I apologize, princess. It- It seems like calling you here was just a waste of time."

"Nonsense. My duties for the day are completed, and I always have time for my most faithful student." She waved Twilight's concerns away. "I think I can stay for a little chat.”

"Okay, " Twilight turned around and walked up to the refrigerator. She subtly bounced in place as she grabbed a bottle of water for Celestia. She turned around, a cloud of her magic shutting the door behind her as she walked back up to her. "Here." She set the bottle down in front of Celestia before sitting back down in her seat with a groan.

"Not thirsty?" Celestia questioned, unscrewing the top and taking a quick swig.

"Not really... I had some coffee before you came over." She mumbled, both hands under the table. Celestia could only imagine what she could be doing... Perhaps pressing into her lap, desperate to hide her needy movements, or perhaps shoving them into her shorts to get more direct help? Not to mention the addition of coffee to help fill her up faster. Her imagination ran wild, almost forgetting that Twilight could very easily see her staring.

"So, if I may ask, what's the point of this contest? Forgive me if I sound rude, but it doesn't seem like it has much to do with friendship."

"Well..." Twilight twitched a little, a hiccup escaping her and her breathing becoming shaky. "I thought, since we've been so busy recently, we haven't really had a chance to hang out. Not s-since Cadence and Shining's wedding." She confessed as she stared blankly at the table. "So, I asked for some advice from Cadence, a-and she suggested that we got together for a few days, like a sleepover. I-I asked them about it, they agreed, b-but Pinkie... and Rainbow Dash..." Twilight pursed her lips, sighing aloud. "They suggested it... and... um... we... uhh..." She trailed away from her sentence, blushing deeply.

"You all agreed?" Celestia finished the poor woman's sentence. She nodded, taking a large gulp from her bottle. "And how long is this going to last?"

"Err... I'm not entirely s-sure." She rubbed the back of her head. "Maybe a few days? I- Uh, I guess it depends on how long we can... 'l-last.'"

"Mmhm..." Celestia took another gulp, having downed half the bottle already. She grimaced a little as she realized, cursing herself for getting distracted. She knew she'd feel the added water later.

Twilight whimpered quietly, leaning forward slightly, squeezing her eyes shut. Her chair squeaked as she writhed and squirmed around. Celestia almost felt sorry for her, certainly able to sympathize with her situation.

"Is everything okay?"

Twilight's head snapped up. "Uh- y-yeah, I just..." Her face flushed. "I-I need to pee..."

"Oh, really?" She said, trying her hardest to sound surprised.

Twilight nodded. "I... I thought I might test the spell out, but..." She chewed her lip. "... it didn't work out..."

"I see." She nodded, covering her mouth as she grinned. I wonder how long she's waited to test it? Maybe a few hours? Not to mention the amount of concentration it'd take to cast it on such a full bladder.All of that time, squirmy and desperate… maybe I should stay for an hour or two, keep her away from the toilet, and watch her squirm. That'd be a show worth staying up all night for.

Celestia dug her nails into her knee again, bringing her thoughts to heel. She cursed herself for being so shamelessly horny, but her mind continued to wander. Thankfully, she still had some sense about her. She gulped down the last of the water before she stood. “Well, I won't keep you any longer.”

“You don't have to rush on m-my account, princess.” Twilight stood up, following behind her.

“Oh, it's no issue. I should be back to Canterlot soon anyways, I cannot stay out much longer if I intend to raise sun in the morning.” She walked towards the exit. Twilight stepped forward, opening the door for her mentor. “I’ll speak with you later, my pupil.”

“A-Alright. Bye, princess.” She waved before she quickly closed the door.

Celestia grinned, a hand pressed against her lap. I really should find Discord. We need to get back to Canterlot. She walked towards the empty town center. And he needs to finish what he started earlier...

*020*2019-06-21 22:40

Princess Celestia slowly headed down the desolate road. The moon had rose over the horizon, firmly planted at the corner of the sky. Its light illuminated the dirt path to Fluttershy's cottage. Her bladder was quickly making itself known again, throbbing with each step she took. She walked at an odd, jittery pace, taking breaks every few seconds to squeeze herself or cross her legs. Without somepony like Twi to distract, it was difficult not to have it on her mind consistently. That, and the pressure. Stars, the pressure.

She took a few sputtering breaths, turning her head downwards, to the dirt below. Her bulge poked out a little, though it was rather hard to notice without actively looking for it. I can't believe how big it is… She chewed her lip, giving it a gentle rub. It felt firm, rigid. There was little, if any, give to it. She covered her mouth, a moan threatening to slip through her lips. Her lower body locked up. She doubled over, her legs pressing together and a hand pressed into her lap.

By the sun... how am I gonna get through tomorrow?

The sound of squeaking startled her, causing her body to jerk up in an unnatural moment. Her hands returned to her side, and her thighs quickly separated, though it pained her to do so. Keep control… you are not about to piss yourself.

A wooden cart rolled forwards in front of her, five large kegs stacked on top of it. Every bump and push of the long, worn cart caused the contents inside to slosh around, giving her bladder some rather unpleasant pangs of need. It seemed like it was heading to Fluttershy's too, beginning to turn into the smaller path directly to her cottage. Applejack pushed behind it, wearing her normal hat with a flannel, button-up shirt, worn blue jeans with tears at the knees, and a pair of brown boots. She stopped at the side of the road, wiping her brow and breathing a strained sigh.

Celestia took a few stuttered steps towards her. "Hello, Applejack."

AJ jumped, glancing up to her. A small blush spread across her face,. "Er, howdy, princess!" She smiled widely, her eyes wide as she slowly stepped to the side of the cart. "Didn't see ya there! Heh...hehehe…” She chuckled, clearly nervous in her presence.

"Oh, I was just needed to help Twilight with a few things." She noted, crossing one leg over the other. "What're you doing out here at this time of night?"

"I was just… uhhh…" She glanced back towards her cargo for a moment. "B-Bringing these barrels to Flutters'."

"Oh really?" Celestia grinned. "I think Twilight did mention something about about you providing drinks for that contest…"

AJ froze for a moment. "... You know about that?"

"Mmhm, no need to hide it."

AJ breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank the stars…" She quickly turned around. "That'd've been a nightmare to explain." She began to push the cart again, causing that torturously sloshing to start again.

"So, why are you doing this at night?" She walked beside her, crossing her arms over her chest. Her bladder throbbed at the sounds of the liquid, reminding her of her own situation. She couldn't indulge it's needs at the moment, not when she was around someone

"Twi asked me to bring Flutters all this water and cider, ma'am. Somethin' about not drawin' attention, 'er somethin' like that..." She said, though Celestia couldn't pay too much attention to her.

"I see…" Celestia nodded. It made sense, her student didn't exactly seem too keen on everyone in town knowing about it, seeing how it took her so long to get it out of her.

"If ya don't mind me askin', princess, what're you doin' out here at this time of night? Thought you'd be in Canterlot, since you're done with Twi."

"Well…" She paused for a moment, quickly rubbing her legs together. "I needed to check in with Discord. Haven't spoken in a few weeks, we have a few things to discuss."

"Ah, right." AJ nodded as she slowed to a stop in front of the cottage, giving a mercifully quick end to the sloshing. Celestia took a deep breath, feeling like it was the first time she had since she had met with AJ. Her foot tapped against the ground, her body beginning to grow impatient with her blatantly ignoring its needs. "Ya stayin' in town tonight, or are you headin' back to Canterlot?"

"Going back to the palace, right after I finish up here." She interlaced her fingers at the waist, right below her belt buckle.

"Right, no need to keep ya waitin' then."

AJ stepped past the cart, heading towards the front porch. Princess Celestia followed behind her, seeing a little light peeking out through the windows. A couple figures sat in front of the light, casting long shadows out onto the porch.

The pair of ponies stepped up onto the porch. Applejack knocked on the front door, backing up and waiting for the cottage's timid inhabitant, or its chaotic one, to answer.

After a minute or two of waiting(but what felt like a half-hour to Celly's full bladder), Fluttershy answered the door. She poked her head out from behind the door, her face turning bright red upon seeing the princess.

"O-Oh, hi AJ." She stuttered, glancing over to Celestia multiple times.

"Hey, I was just wonderin' where I can leave the cart at." AJ pointed back towards the cart.

"Er…" Fluttershy stepped out slightly, dressed in long, exposing her pink, long-legged pajama bottoms and her white T-shirt. "Just around the side of the house. To the left." She suggested. AJ nodded, turning around and heading back towards the cart. "H-Hello, princess."

"Hello, Fluttershy." She smiled. "Is Discord here? I need to-"

Her sentence came to a screeching halt as the sounds of liquids sloshing inside the barrels quickly returned. A gasp was caught in her throat, a squirt or dribble of pee dangerously close to forcing its way out of her body, to escape into her dress and onto Fluttershy's porch. Her whole body flinched, the pressure almost overwhelming her. A quiet hiss slipped through her lips, her legs almost instinctively crossing. Her hands shook, balled into fists as she resisted her the urge to grab herself. To dance and quake in front of the timid woman, her hands shoved between her tightly crossed legs. But that behavior was unbecoming of her, a princess, an Alicorn, and a millennia-old pony. She couldn't- she wouldn't!

"Princess?" Fluttershy meekly stepped in front of her. "You were talking?"

"Err- is Discord here?"

"Umm… yes. D-Do you need him?"

"Yes, please." She said, a little too quickly to be calm. Fluttershy quickly nodded, scurrying back into the house. She squeezed the ends of her dress, the forsaken swishing and sloshing still able to be heard as AJ passed the porch. Hold it, hold it, hold it…

Celestia shifted from foot to foot. She placed a hand on her bladder, clinching the rock hard mass of liquid. Sweat rolled down her temples, beginning to accumulate on her arms and between her thighs. It's almost unbearable. T- There's so much trying to come out!

The swishing came to a sudden stop, giving a mercifully quick end to her torture. She straightened her figure, standing flat on her feet with her legs separated. They can't know.

Applejack quickly approached the porch, around the same time that Fluttershy did. Discord followed behind her, a mischievous little grin growing as he approached her.

"Here," Fluttershy stepped out in front of her draconequus friend, walking down the porch and gently taking hold of AJ's right arm. "Let's go over here, t-they have to talk." They walked around the house, towards the side where those evil barrels had been left.

"Yes, princess?" He asked with that evil grin on his face.

"We need to go back to the castle."

"Ah, I would love to, but-"

"No, we need to go back to the castle."

"Ah… I see," He raised his paw, holding his first finger. "Unfortunately, I already made the promise to help Fluttershy set up for her little competition here. I shouldn't break a promise, should I?"

Celestia was stunned- after all the time she had waited, she was still denied a little relief?! She wouldn't accept it- she had to convince him!

"Discord, we really ought to finish that chat we had before." She glanced back and assured that two ponies were out of sight. In a swift motion, her hand moved from her side into her lap, pressing down into her crotch. "It really is a pressing matter, we cannot wait much longer." She danced slightly in place, her heels tapping against the wooden porch. Her boyfriend's demeanor changed. He stood with his talons and paw crossed at the bottom of his waist, conveniently covering up any evidence of if her teasing was getting to him. Though, she could've sworn that she saw a small blush on his face as she began to wiggle about, his smile growing wider.

I need to go further, but… Celestia glanced to the side of the porch. She could see the pair of ponies' shadows, standing close to the edge of the cottage. But they're right there… I- I shouldn't… A deep red blush spread across her face, her heart racing at the thought of the pair stepping out and seeing her dancing and shaking in such an inappropriate way. It was so… exciting, leaving her craving more of the adrenaline.

Oh, fuck it! She was not stopping in the middle again! Not if Applejack or Fluttershy walked around the corner, not if she needed to go back, not for anything! She was sick of being so routine and predictable, she needed a change!

She leaned forward, chewing her lip. "And I have… other urgent issues that need addressing." Celestia took hold of his paw, leading it onto her leg, she gave him a quick peck on his neck, leaning closer towards him. Her bladder tensed slightly, sending shivers all across her body. He put his talons around her back, pulling her dress strap off her shoulder. "I promise you, it certainly isn't going to be anything boring."

"You do make a tempting offer." He began, returning her kiss with his own on her collar. "A very, very tempting offer…" He whispered, his head moving up to her ear. Never in her life had she wanted to pin him down and ride him until the morning than she did at that moment!

"And as much as I'd love to speak with you… we both know what happens if we do it right now."

She groaned quietly. "Please? I'd really rather do it now." Celestia lead his paw higher up her thigh. "Wouldn't it feel so much better to get it off your chest sooner rather than later?"

"And risk you letting it out before I'm ready? Please." He snickered, giving her a peck on the tip of her chin. "You know how I feel, but I know you and I will enjoy this a lot more if we wait. Besides, it's not like you can't wait a little longer to let it all out, can you?"

She sighed. "B-But, we need to-"

"I promise, tomorrow afternoon."

Celestia sighed, defeated yet again. "Fine… but I'm not waiting again, no matter what happens." She pulled the strap of her dress back to its appropriate spot, giving her crotch a quick squeeze as she pressed her thighs together. The pair separated, standing a respectable distance away from each other.

"Since when are you the impatient one?" He snickered.

"Since I started fuc- talking with you." She shot back with a cheeky little grin. He chuckled loudly, echoing throughout the quiet forest.

"Anyhow, I should get back to Canterlot. I've already spent too much time away."

"Whatever you say. I'll be helping Flutters with setting up for their little contest for most of the day, so you won't have to worry too much about me messing with you."

Celestia nodded, turning away from him. "Don't be late." She said sternly, stepping off the porch. In a flash of light, and a bit of magic, she teleported back to her bedroom in Canterlot.

She kicked off her shoes, quickly unbuckling her belt and tossing it on the floor below. Her hands fumbled with the dress for a moment before she managed to pull it over her long hair and tossed it to the ground, beside the belt. She didn't even bother changing into her night gown, lying down in her bed with only her bra and panties on. It didn't take long for the Alicorn to fall asleep, having had such a long day.

