Ellie - and the regretted present - Page 2

Author: Uniee

*025*2018-02-18 23:12

{{52 minutes ago, acer913 said:

Excellent story, can't wait to see where this goes.

}}

Alll suggestions welcome

*027*2018-02-19 18:37

{{1 hour ago, wettingman said:

Each chapter is better than the last. You are an excellent writer and your vivid description of the events is pushing all my pleasure buttons. Than you for the effort required to write this story, in a way that makes sense.

I look forward to the next chapter.

}}

Wow what a lovely thing to say..

*029*2018-02-20 18:05

Part 7

Ellie felt giddy with relief as she followed Max out of the park. Her knickers were saturated with rapidly cooling pee but instead of feeling horrible like she expected it was actually making Ellie feel really turned on. Like her guilty little secret. She had needed to pee before but never felt the near orgasmic pleasure which she just experienced peeing herself in a park, like a little girl. She glanced over and the bulge in Max's jeans signified that the sight had an effect on him too.

Ellie thought about what else Max could have planned and gave a little shiver.. Max noticed and leaned in close to whisper "Is my little girl all cold with her wet knickers" Ellie looked at him from under her eyelids and gave a lazy seductive smile suggesting that she indeed felt hot not cold like he was suggesting. The bulge in his trousers seemed to grow a little more.

"Where are we going?" Ellie inquired - thinking that she would like to go home and investigate that bulge. "You did so well Ellie, I think you deserve a treat, So i'm taking you out for dinner" She could see their favourite french restaurant in front of them "Max, no, I can't... I can't go to Cafe Pierre with wet knickers... someone might notice" - "Well that would be a shame, I've already booked our table... in you go".

The waiter noticed them enter and greeted them warmly. He showed them towards a quite booth, near the back. On the table was an open bottle of Champagne and a selection apéritifs .. All Ellie's favourites. She should have been thrilled... but the coffee from the cafe had just made its way to her weakened bladder. Ellie looked at Max, who smiled and poured her some champagne.

TBC

*031*2018-02-20 21:03

{{1 minute ago, largebio said:

Again what a lovely chapter. Love where this story is going

}}

Thanks... please let me know if you have things you want included
