Alternate Reality Where Men Sit and Women Stand to Pee

Author: UrineLover1

*007*2022-12-19 00:09

Here is part five!

That night, as everyone settled into bed, Nathan crawled into bed with Stephanie. There were only two bedrooms in the cabin. So Jessica and Alan got one, Stephanie and

Nathan got the other, and Nina was fine sleeping on the couch. That seemed kind of unfair since this was Nina’s uncle’s cabin, but Nina assured her friends that she was cool with it.

“Hey,” Nathan told Stephanie. “I’m sorry I was acting like a jerk earlier.”

“Yeah, I was a jerk too, just like you said,” Stephanie agreed.

“Sorry, I said it,” Nathan sighed. “I guess I’m just jealous. I’d like to pee standing up too.”

“I know, sweetie,” Stephanie gently ran her hands over her boyfriend’s shoulder. “I am sorry that you can’t.”

“It’s not your fault.”

“I know, but I’m still sorry. I guess Jessica was right. I need to understand guys better. Must suck not being able to piss wherever you feel like it.”

“Yeah,” Nathan sighed. “It is.”

“Can I do anything?”

“No thanks.”

Stephanie nodded. “I’m not sure if you’ll find this gross or not, but today, with Erin, we peed and we spelled our names in the snow with our pee.”

“Oh…” Nathan leaned back. “That’s… Cool…”

Stephanie pursed her lips and knit her eyes. “You think that’s disgusting, don’t you?”

“No, no, it’s cool,” Nathan’s voice cracked like a teenager’s.

Stephanie rolled her eyes. “Good night,” she got under the covers.

“No, no,” Nathan said quickly. “I think that is very cool! How did you do?”

Stephanie placed her hands behind her head. Nathan was cute when he tried to care about something he really didn’t care about. “I was kinda messy, to be honest,” Stephanie said. “But that Erin girl’s name came out beautifully! She has skills! Maybe when I improve, I can spell your name in the snow!”

Nathan forced himself to nod, knowing in her own weird way, this was his girlfriend’s strange idea of flirting. “Thanks,” Nathan said.

They kissed and went to bed.

The following day, the group arrived back at the ski resort. They found their ski instructor talking to a woman.

Upon seeing this stranger, Nathan’s eyes turned into giant glass orbs, his legs froze as if he had become a frozen ice statue in the winter wonderland. Stephanie was the first to react to this chance in her boyfriend’s body language.

“You okay?” Stephanie followed Nathan’s gaze to the woman. “What’s wrong?”

“Umm… Nothing…” Nathan swallowed.

“Nathan, dude, you good?” Jessica asked. “You look like you just saw a ghost.”

“Umm… yeah…” Nathan managed. “I’m good.”

“No, you’re not, what’s wrong?” Stephanie asked.

“Umm…” Nathan took a small step back, realizing all eyes were on him. Nathan looked like a mouse backed up against a wall by a large tiger. “Seriously, guys, I’m okay. I just…”

“Hey!” Erin skied over, spraying up a patch of fresh snow as she went. “You folks ready to ski today?”

“One minute, Erin,” Stephanie said. “Babe, come on, tell me what,”

“Okay, look…” Nathan took a deep breath. “Erin, you know that woman?”

“Yeah, Delia Briggs, She is one of the ski instructors here,” Erin explained. “Why?”

Nathan looked around at all of his friends staring directly at him. Nathan hated being the center of attention. Especially in situations like this. But he knew the only way out was to admit his situation to his friends and hope and pray they would just drop the whole subject.

“That woman,” Nathan said. “Delia Briggs… She was my ex-girlfriend.”

“Ex-girlfriend?” Stephanie exclaimed. “And why didn’t you just state that to begin with? Do I need to be worried?”

“I hope not,” Nathan replied. “Because she cheated on me.” His friends all bit their lips and made hissing sounds with their tongues. “Twice,” Nathan added on. His friends hissed their tongues a second time. “Well, actually,” Nathan said. “She only cheated on me once, but it was by two separate guys. That is to say, she was dating three of us at once.”

“I’m so sorry, dude,” Alan clapped Nathan on the shoulder.

“Me too,” Jessica said.

“That sucks,” Nina sighed.

“It hurt,” Nathan admitted. “I really liked her. I spent the next few weeks crying in my bedroom. I felt sick most days. I felt like I did something so terrible that it provoked her to cheat on me. Twice,”

“No!” Stephanie snapped. “No one ever deserves that!”

“Yeah, well, Delia soon moved away and I never saw her again,” Natahn said. He scoffed. “Guess she moved to the mountains. Small world.”

“She seems so nice now too,” Erin said, looking over her shoulder in the direction of Delia.

“She was nice back then too!” Nathan exclaimed. “But I’m fine, I mean, it was a long time ago.”

“Nope,” Stephanie held her boyfriend’s arm. “No one messes with my man! You think urine is gross, babe? Well, we’ll show you what urine can do! Erin… We’ll need your help.”

That night, Stephanie, Nathan, Jessica, Alan, Nina, and Erin crouched from behind bushes, rocks, and trees as they watched Delia’s car pull up to her house. The ladies all had overwhelmingly full bladders that were anxious for relief. They watched as the black Toyota stopped in front of the house and Delia came out with two armfuls of grocery bags.

“Erin, you’re on,” Stephanie whispered.

Erin leapt from her hiding spot and charged across the road to meet Nathan’s ex-girlfriend.

“This seems wrong,” Nathan whispered. “I mean, she hurt me, sure, real bad. But that was years ago. We were in high school for crying out loud!”

“She still needs us to put her in her place,” Stephanie growled.

“Yeah, Nathan, she could have cheated on many more guys, broken many more hearts,” Jessica pointed out.

Nathan nodded. “Or… She could be super sweet and friendly now.”

“Well, there’s that,” Jessica admitted.

“Shh,” Nina snapped.

The friends watched as Erin lifted a bag and helped Delia into her house. The two colleagues were chatting like long term friends.

“Let’s go!” Stephanie cried. The group moved across the road. Delia, having left her car door open, allowed Stephanie to pry it open. “Nina,” Stephanie pointed to the door.

“On it!” Nina said, rushing across Delia’s yard to her front door, knowing her assignment.

“I hope Erin can keep her distracted for a while,” Alan said uncomfortably.

“Just keep watch,” Stephanie whispered in a hiss.

Stephanie and Jessica ruffled through Delia’s grocery bags. Stepanie pulled out a carton of milk while Jessica pulled out some orange juice. Each girl popped open their cartoon, unzipped their pants, and began spraying their kidney juice into the milk and OJ. Once they were satisfied, they stopped the stream, put the cartons (now containing urine) back, and each grabbed something else.

“I’ll pee into her hand lotion,” Jessica said eagerly. “You take the Hawaiian Punch.”

“As soon as I’m done contaminating the cheese,” Stephanie said, carefully opening the package of cheese and squirting warm urine onto the fresh cheese’s surface.

Jessica and Stephanie went around Delia’s groceries, peeing into any and everything they could find. This felt wrong. Way wrong. But Nathan had to admit… He kind of liked the idea of revenge. Nathan thought of how Delia broke his heart and how he was so miserable and sad. He even thought he was the problem. But no. It was Delia. It was always Delia. Nathan was just lucky that now he had a girlfriend who cared enough to do this. And so many friends that were helping out too!

Alan kept his eyes on the window. He saw Erin standing with her back up against the glass. Erin reached behind her and gave a gentle tap onto the glass. That was the signal! Delia was on her way back out.

“Delia’s coming,” Alan hissed. “Let’s go!”

Stephanie and Jessica tossed the contaminated food and drink back into the bags. Jessica softly called Nina’s name. Nina came racing back to her friends through the dark.

The quintet raced back across the street and ducked behind the trees and rocks again. A moment later, Delia and Erin came back out. Erin helped Delia move the rest of her (no longer fresh) groceries inside. Erin then waved goodbye to Delia and they parted ways. Erin met back up with the group across the street. They waited a few more minutes to make sure Delia wasn’t coming back out again.

Finally, Erin smiled at her new friends and said, “Time for the finishing touch!” They went back across the street, back to Delia’s house. Stephanie, Nina, and Jessica all finished emptying their bladders all over Delia’s fence and mailbox while Erin (who had the best aim) used her urine to spell the words, ‘Fuck you’ on all the window’s of Delia’s car. While the urine itself would slide off the glass, the cold weather would allow the urine to create permanent marks on the icy windows.

Alan and Nathan looked towards the door and found the message Nina had written in the snow with her bladder. ‘This is for Nathan Doyle!’ With a symbol of the middle finger. This urine message was directly in front of Delia’s door. It would be the first thing she saw upon opening her door tomorrow morning.

After the girls were empty (they had to wait another few minutes for Nina to empty onto the mailbox), they all packed it up and ran down the street.

“Sorry we got you roped into this, Erin,” Stephanie said as they ran.

“Don’t be! I had a blast! I love helping friends! I also like doing crazy things with my pee,” Erin snickered.

“But aren’t you and Delia friends?” Jessica asked.

“Nah, we just work together. Doesn’t mean we like each other,” Erin replied.

“But you said she was kind,” Alan recalled.

“To your face, that is,” Erin said. “Granted, Delia has never really done anything bad to me, she does gossip a bit and seems to never be able to keep a relationship.”

“Wonder why,” Stephanie grumbled.

“Well, thanks for helping Erin,” Nathan said. “Thanks all of you!”

“I thought you said this was wrong?” Stephanie smirked.

“Yeah, but I appreciate you all having my back. Even about something that happened years ago,” Nathan said. “I have good friends!”

*008*2022-12-19 23:47

Here is part six! Enjoy!

The group - along with Erin - went back to the cabin where they all laughed and played games.

They cheered as Nina won a game of ‘Sorry’.

“Your uncle truly does have a gorgeous cabin, Nina,” Erin said, admiring the deep gray log patterned walls.

“Thanks,” Nina said. “He and his friends built it themselves years ago. It was long before my brother and I were even born. Heck, it was before my parents even met!”

Erin nodded. “Just curious, is all, how is your uncle related to you?”

“My mom’s older brother.”

Erin nodded again. “Well, thank you guys for inviting me! I had a blast!”

“Thanks for coming over,” Jessica said.

“Yeah, and thanks for helping us vandalize Delia’s house, fence, mailbox, groceries, and car,” Nina listed.

“Anytime,” Erin replied. “Well, this has been nice, but I’m afraid I should get going.”

“Yeah, we should be heading to bed,” Alan agreed. “See you tomorrow, Erin for more skiing.”

“I’ll clean up,” Stephanie said.

“I’ll help you,” Erin said.

The group slowly drifted off as everyone started getting ready for bed. This left Stephanie and Erin to clean up the countless board games the group had played that night.

As they cleaned, Stephanie made small talk with her new friend. She asked Erin how long she has been a ski instructor. Ten years. How she first got into the sport? Her father taught her when she was young and she became hooked ever since. And a few other random questions.

“That was impressive how you were able to draw on the windows with urine,” Stephanie recalled. “It was also impressive how Nina was able to spell out that long message and add a drawing in the snow!” Stephanie frowned. “I can’t even spell my own name.”

Erin pursed her lips. “Would you like me to teach you?” She asked.

Stephanie felt her breathing increase with a new sense of enthusiasm. “Yes!” Stephanie exclaimed. “Yes, let’s do it!”

“As you have seen,” Stephanie said, her boots sinking into the snow as she walked. “I’m not very good.”

“Neither was I when I started,” Erin replied. Erin walked around the slope of the yard, trying to find the perfect spot. She needed an area where the snow level was flat and where it was wide enough for both her and Stephanie to spell their names. “It just takes practice,” Erin remarked. “Plus, as I said before, your name is kinda long. Perhaps you should just use your nickname… Steph.”

“I can try that,” Stephanie replied.

“Okay, this looks like a good spot,” Erin declared.

Stephanie stood besides her ski instructor - who now doubled as her ‘snow writing’ instructor.

“Okay,” a squeaky sounding, zippp filled the night air as Erin unzipped her pants. “Now, the key to urine writing is to be completely relaxed. You need to be able to move your hips with ease.” Erin demonstrated by wiggling her hips all around. “Also, plan your next move ahead of time,” Erin said. “Visualize your name in your head and prepare for your next movement. Got all that?”

“I think so.. Plan my movements ahead. Relax. Move hips,” Stephanie recited.

“Good girl, you’ll do fine!” Erin promised. “Now, watch me first.” Erin lifted her head up and huffed out some air and a stream went soaring through her fly.

Erin stared at the snowy ground in front of her. Erin moved her body forward as she drew out the E. Stephanie watched as Erin casually moved her hips downwards to for the points of her letter E and then did a small loop and moved onto the R. Stephanie intensely watched, taking note of every movement Erin made, every line she created. It looked flawless. In a matter of seconds, Erin had her entire name spelled out in gorgeous cursive lettering.

“You’re up,” Erin zipped and clapped Stephanie on the back. Erin walked behind Stephanie as Stephanie undid her pants.

Stephanie took a deep breath. With her hands in her mittens, Stephanie reached inside her pants and pulled her underwear to the side. Stephanie then began urinating.

Stephanie did as Erin instructed. She kept her body nice and loose. She planned out her movements ahead of time. She wiggled her hips.

Behind Stephanie, Erin was constantly uttering tiny words and instructions, almost too quiet for Stephanie to hear. “Loop… Cross… Line…” Erin muttered.

Stephanie appreciated the support, but it was kind of distracting. It was also distracting when Erin gently grabbed Stephanie’s hips and helped her move her stream around better. But truthfully, Stephanie appreciated the help. She knew Erin was just trying to help. And Stephanie’s name already looked way better than when she did it by herself!

Stephanie made it onto the P, when she heard a voice behind her.

“Hey, there you guys…” Jessica’s voice trailed off.

“Shh…” Erin whispered to her and Nina, who emerged from the house. “She is trying to concentrate.”

“Concentrate on what?” Jesisca asked.

“Writing her name in the snow,” Erin whispered.

“Oh, fun! Can we join?” Jessica asked.

Erin motioned the girls towards a fresh patch of white snow. “Knock yourselves out!”

And so, Nina and Jessica both happily took positions in the yard where they unzipped, peed, and wrote out their name.

Stephanie’s stream soon came to a close. Stephanie’s name was nowhere near perfect, but certainly better than at the ski resort. Stephanie had a feeling that Erin was right. She just needed practice! Stephanie knew they had to show the boys!”

Alan and Nathan stood back, admiring Stephanie’s name.

“Very nice,” Alan said.

“I am soo jealous! I want to do that!” Nathan turned to Alan. “Why can’t we do that?”

Stephanie just laughed. “My name isn’t as good as Erin’s though,” she complained.

“I don’t think anyone can draw like Erin!” Jessica said. “That is beautiful!”

“Nice cursive, girl,” Nina complemented Erin.

“I’ve been doing it since I was eight,” Erin protested. “You girls’ll get there!”

“It looks nice, babe,” Nathan told his girlfriend.

“Really?” Stephanie asked. “I kind of messed up on the T. The tail is too long. And the P is way too fat! And there is a stray line through the P and the H.”

“Well, I think it looks beautiful!” Nathan said. Stephanie blushed. And it wasn’t from the cold.

“Let me see yours, Jess,” Alan said.

Jessica walked her boyfriend as well as the others over to her yellow name in the snow.

“Also a little sloppy,” Jessica said. “I have a few stray lines here and there and the C is kinda small. Also, I didn’t dot the I.”

“You girls are so picky,” Alan whined.

“I know,” Nathan agreed. “I would just be happy to be able to draw my name in the snow at all!” The girls laughed.

“They do have a point,” Erin stated.

“Let’s see yours, Nina,” Alan said.

And so, Nina took her friends to her… Paragraph in the snow.

One by one, Nina’s friends began reading a line from the paragraph Nina wrote out with her own pee.

“I, Nina Perry, was born in Evansville, Wyoming around the turn of the century,” Alan began.

“I knew instantly that I wanted to go into teaching and teach a new generation the ways of literature,” Nathan continued.

“Along the way, I had many ups and downs and challenges and hurdles to overcome,” Jessica carried on.

“One of which was losing my father at seventeen to prostate cancer,” Erin read. Erin looked up at Nina. “Oh, I am so sorry,” she said.

Nina nodded and gave a weak smile to Erin’s condolences.

“But I know my daddy would be proud of me and I now dedicate a fraction of my teacher’s salary to fighting prostate cancer,” Stephanie continued reading.

As the group read Nina’s lengthy urine paragraph, their heads all moved in unisom, reading from left to right. Nina just stood off to the side, arms folded over her coat and smiling.

Together, the entire group read the finishing line of Nina’s golden writing. “I am fortunate to have made so many friends and allies throughout my life.”

“Nina Perry,” Jessica read Nina’s signature.

Everyone looked up at Nina in surprise.

“Okay, Nina,” Nathan said. “It is official… Your bladder has broken some sort of record!”

“Try all the records…” Alan said, rereading the paragraph in his head.

“And it is flawless writing too!” Erin added. “Nice snow writing, Nina!” Nina and Erin high-fived.

“The saddest part,” Erin said. “I wasn’t even desperate.”

“We believe it,” Jessica giggled as the group made their way back to the house.

“And hey,” NIna said. “At least now we left behind our legacy!”

“Huh?” Nathan asked.

“In the snow,” Nina explained. “We spelled our names… And I did a bit extra in the snow.”

“You did a lot extra girl!” Stephanie cried. “Long paragraph and nice writing! Wait to show off!”

“Umm… Ladies,” Alan said. “I hate to be the one to tell you this, but you realize your snow writing won’t be there forever, right?”

“Why not?” Erin asked. “Trust me, I live around here… It is snowy all year long!”

“Sure, but an animal might come by and trample it or a little snow might melt,” Alan protested.

“Yeah,” Alan said. “I give your writing a month tops before it’s gone.”

Little did they know, this snow writing would stick around for a long, long time.

*011*2022-12-26 23:21

{{On 12/20/2022 at 6:16 PM, Holdon said:

This is an interesting concept. So urinals would be for women, and sit/squat toilets for men?!

}}

That is correct! I even wrote a whole story which showed a woman's bathroom throughout the day as countless women peed into the urinal.

*012*2022-12-26 23:26

Part seven:

The following day was the final day of vacation. The group would head home tomorrow. They took one final ski lesson with Erin and thanked her for everything.

“You all have improved a lot since I first saw you!” Erin commented. “Even you, Nathan.”

Nathan blinked, unsure how to take this ‘compliment’.

“I hope to see you all again next year,” Erin said.

“Oh, we come every year,” Jessica said.

“We’ll be back!” Stephani promised. “You can bet that as sure as the snow is peed in!”

The four women laughed hysterically as if they all shared an inside joke with one another. The boys, meanwhile, just looked at each other and rolled their eyes.

Jessica suggested the group take a nature tour on their final day. Neither Nathan and Alan were keen on that idea however.

“You know we’re not much for the outdoors,” Nathan said.

“It is kinda cold today anyway,” Alan said.

“And how much nature can exist up here in the snow anyway?” Nathan demanded.

“Okay, well, would you guys mind if we take the nature tour?” Jessica asked.

“Yeah, can be a girl’s day!” Nina got excited.

“I am so down!” Stephanie pumped her fists in the air.

“No, it’s fine,” Alan said. “Hope you girls enjoy!”

“Yeah, and Alan and I can get started on packing up,” Nathan added.

So, the girls dropped the boys off back at Nina’s uncle’s cabin where they would pack up their belongings for the long trip home tomorrow.

The girls were nearly at the nature trail when Nina commented from the back,

“Think we have time to stop so I can pee?”

“We’re almost there and the tour starts in five minutes,” Stephanie said. “Can you hold it?”

“For now,” Nina replied. “I don’t know about indefinitely!”

“I have seen how long you pee and how much comes out!” Stephanie snapped. “You can hold it!”

“Girl has the right idea though,” Jessica began shifting in her seat. “Now I gotta pee.”

Stephanie took a long moment to reply. “Damn it, you guys!” She snapped. “Now I gotta pee too!”

Jessica stuffed her mitten hands down her crotch. “Those coffees for breakfast were a bad idea! Maybe we can pull over and pee,” Jessica suggested.

“We can, but we might miss the tour,” Stephanie warned.

“I can hold it,” Nina promised.

“Me too,” Stephanie said.

“I can for a while,” Jessica crossed her legs. “But coffee has a tendency to go right through me!”

Jessica, Stephanie, and Nina arrived as soon as the tour was about to begin. It was a very small group. Only a couple and a woman with a child. There was also the tour guide of course. The tour guide greeted everyone and the tour was on its way. Maybe the tour would move fast and they could all go pee pretty soon.

The three women followed the group as the tour guide spoke about all the wildlife in this area. They saw a small herd of elk, many different species of birds, and even a couple of pikas. The tour guide also talked about all the trees that grew in the area including limber pine and narrowleaf cottonwood. The guide pointed out bobcat tracks and assured the group that bobcats only come out at night to hunt. The guide pointed out an icy waterfall that flowed into a semi frozen pond. The pond was warming due to a change in seasons. The guide warned everyone not to stand on the ice as it may break. The girls didn’t doubt her words. There were many sections of the pond which were pure water. The ice did appear very thin and it was completely see through.

Jessica, Stephanie, and Nina listened and greatly enjoyed their nature tour of the Rocky Mountains. Their bladders also held up nicely… That is until Jessica saw the falls and heard teh guide speaking about it. Jessica suddenly felt her bladder become ten times heavier. Jessica wasn’t lying about coffee going straight through her. Jessica honestly wondered if the coffee she drank that morning even stopped at her kidneys or just went straight down to her bladder. She shouldn’t have had two cups of the stuff! All that coffee she drank wanted… No… It needed to get out!

The guide motioned for the group to follow along. And so the group did… Except for Jessica that is.

The tour guide led the group behind the trees and they were out of sight and earshot. Nina and Stephanie began to follow, but upon seeing their comrade frozen in place - from cold or desperation, they weren’t entirely sure - they turned back to grab her.

“Hey, Jess,” Nina said, her boots crunching in the snow. “You okay?”

Jessica just stood facing the pond. Her eyes did not leave the flowing falls. The waterfall was small. Only twenty feet tall. But it had bits of ice flowing down the stream. The icy pond was covered in cracks and holes of frozen water. Jessica, try as she might, could not ignore this pond or these falls which appeared to be beckoning to her. And she certainly could no longer ignore the tingly feeling she felt inside her urgent to be released urinary bladder.

“How long is this tour?” Jessica managed, keeping both of her mitten covered hands deep in her genitals.

“I don’t even think it is half over,” Stephanie said.

“The ad on the internet said it was an hour long,” Jessica managed.

“It’s only been half an hour,” Nina replied. “You okay?”

Jessica hunched over, her back rigid. Her hands did not dare leave her throbbing crotch. Jessica suddenly felt a stream of warmth made way to launch inside her jeans.

“I can’t hold it!” Jessica knew she was having an emergency! The pee was coming out either way and she could not contain it no matter how hard she fought. Jessica pulled off her mittens and slapped them into Stephanie’s hands. Jessica then went straight for her zipper.

“Whoa, whoa, you can’t do that here!” Nian warned.

“Someone might see,” Stephanie hissed.

“Then keep watch for me!” Jessica snapped. Nina took aim at the frozen pond. She used one of the holes in the ice as a target, thinking of it as a toilet.

Jessica’s stream fired from in between the flaps of her jeans. Jessica’s golden stream arched downwards, cutting through the air, and finally splashed down into the frozen water. Jessica watched as the icy water rippled from her stream. It felt so good to get it out, Jessica couldn’t help but moan.

Realizing she moaned kind of loud, she covered her mouth with her now freezing hand.

Nina and Stephanie looked at one another.

“Well,” Nina said. “If she’s gonna pee, I’m gonna pee.”

“Nina!” Stephanie snapped.

Nina took her position on the left of Jessica and undid her jeans. Nina planted her feet firmly in the snow, several inches away from one another. Nina let out a deep breath through her mouth and her stream started. Nina followed in Jessica’s lead and used one of the holes in the ice for aiming practice.

Nina and Jessica stood, emptying their bladders into the icy water.

“Come on, Steph!” Nina cried. “It’s no fun without you!”

“Yeah, join in, Steph!” Jessica agreed. “I thought you had to pee as well?”

“I do, but…” Stephanie looked behind her. The tour group was diffidently gone, for better or for worse. “Guys, what if…”

“Join us, Steph!” Jessica cried.

“Come on, girl, you know you gotta go!” Nina said.

Hearing Nina say that awoken Stehanie’s inner need. It was true that Stephanie needed to pee. It was kind of urgent, come to think of it. And peeing into the holes in the ice did look fun. Oh, what the heck? Stephanie shoved Jessica’s mittens into her back pockets. Stephanie then stood on Jessica’s right, undid her fly, and peed into another hole in the ice. Stephanie let out a sigh of relief.

The three women stood peeing into the ice for some time.

Finally, Jessica spoke up and said, “Seriously though, the tour is getting away. We don’t want to get lost out here.” The others hadn’t even considered that. The girls wanted to believe that they could find their way back, but truthfully, they had gone far from where they started, and everything looked the same out here. Just snow, rocks, ice, and trees. They might get lost after all!

Panic began to fuel their brains, especially given the fact that none of them were even half finished with their business yet.

“I have an idea,” Nina said. “Follow my lead!” Nina slowly began walking backwards. Jessica and Stephanie watched in awe as Nina continued to pee while walking back into the snow. Nina’s stream followed behind her, leaving the icy hole and trickling down to the ice. Finally, Nina’s trail was on the snow, forming a large yellow creator.

Stephanie and Jessica suddenly got the idea.

“You want us to pee while walking?” Stephanie demanded.

“You got a better idea?” Nina spat.

They didn’t.

And so, Jessica and Stephanie did exactly as Nina had done. Stephanie and Jessica began walking backwards onto the snow as well, their streams following them.

“Okay, now what?” Jessica asked, her feet sinking into the snow once more.

Watching her stream fall from in between her jena flaps, Nina grinned. “Now for the fun part!”

Nina led the way, racing through the snow. She ran in a sideways direction, aiming her stream forward. Nina’s stream crashed to the snowy planes, and then processed to move in a sideways direction after Nina, forming a long line of yellow snow.

Jessica and Stephanie did the same.

All three women raced through the snow, moving sideways as fast as they could go, their streams following them, forming almost three identical golden lines cutting through the rough snow. They shuffled along at a fast past, leaving behind their mark as they went.

In no time, the girls heard voices up ahead. At this time, Jessica and Stephanie finished their streams anyway. The two girls zipped up and waited for Nina who finished alleviating herself onto a tall, thin, gray tree. It was kind of mesmerizing watching Nina’s urine turn the light gray bark into a much darker gray. It has also been mesmerizing watching their streams form such long lines in the snow as they walked along.

The girls kept their distance from the tour group. They didn’t want anyone to see Nina pee. Nina finally finished just as they heard the voices begin to die down again. Nina zipped and the three women charged through the snow, bladders empty, they finally rejoined the tour group. They had been hoping to arrive back at the group inconspicuously. But between the speed of their job and the snow crunching under toe, the entire group looked up to see the three women appear.

“Oh? What happened to you three?” The guide demanded.

Stephanie, Jessica, and Nina all exchanged nervous glances at one another.

“Oh,” Jessica said. “We umm…”

“Got hypnotized by the falls!” Stephanie cried. “The falls back there was just breathtaking and me and my friends got caught up in its beauty.”

The guide nodded. “The falls is lovely,” she agreed. “You should see it in winter when it freezes over entirely. With that said, please try and keep up. We don’t want to leave you behind.”

The three women shuffled for apologies.

“Hey,” the woman with the child said. “What’s that?” She pointed directly at the three trails of yellow snow the trio of ladies left behind.

Their pee trails were still a ways back, mostly hidden behind the trees. They were extra hard to spot due to the snowy landscape making everything look so similar. But if you take a closer look, it is obvious what is there. The guide went to expect it.

Stephanie, Jessica, and Nina looked at one another and gulped.

Having reached the yellow trails, the guide bent down for a better view. “It is urine,” she said. “Most certainly urine! But what kind of animal leaves a trail of urine like this? And why are there three? In all my years of being a tour guide in the Rocky Mountains, I have never seen anything like this! Is it group urination perhaps? I don’t know what this is,” the guide stood and pulled out her cell phone. “But it is a great discovery!” The guide snapped several pictures of the trails of urine from multiple angles. “I cannot wait to show my colleagues this! It could be the discovery of a lifetime! Perhaps a whole new species of animal exists out there! One that marks its territory by urinating in a line rather than all in one spot. A species that urinates in groups too.”

Stephanie, Jessica, and Nina’s looks of horror turned into those of joy. The three covered their mouths to keep from laughing. Looks like they got away with this! And did they have a blast!

*013*2022-12-26 23:28

Here is the eighth and final part of this story! Enjoy!

The following morning, the group finished packing up the car and began their long journey back to Casper. This time going back, Nathan and Alan were more careful and watched their hydration levels, making sure to keep their fluid intake to a minimum.

The girls, however, have not bothered to stress about this.

Up in the driver’s seat, Jessica finished chugging her bottle of water. “I gotta pee,” Jessica said, unzipping her jeans.

“Not surprised after drinking all that water,” Nathan grumbled in the back.

“What are you doing, babe?” Alan asked his girlfriend. Alan’s question was met with a sharp hissing sound. The hissing sound was crackly. And it was no wonder why. Jessica held her empty water bottle to her open fly and hissed golden fluid from her jeans straight into the thin opening of the bottle. The level of Jessica’s golden liquid quickly filled higher and higher up against the plastic of the water bottle.

“Is that really necessary?” Nathan asked.

“Had to pee,” Jessica replied.

“Okay, and like, you couldn’t hold it or what?” Nathan asked.

“Nah, I just didn’t feel like holding it,” Jessica replied.

“Wow,” Nathan looked out his window and watched the snow turn to grass.

“What’s the matter now?” Stephanie moaned.

“Must be nice being able to drink all you want and then pee into a bottle,” Nathan grumbled.

Stephanie thought of what Jessica told her on the way up. Jessica had made a good point. Guys are different from girls. Guys can’t pee standing up. It must be infuriating watching the girls do it all the time. Guys can’t write their name in the snow or pee into bottles or pee while walking. Must be tough watching their girlfriends do this when their only option is to sit and hold it. Stephanie also remembered her conversation with her boyfriend in bed that one night. She remembered how Nathan was indeed upset and even jealous about the female privilege in terms of urination.

“I’m sorry, babe,” Stephanie said. “Must suck watching us pee everywhere.”

Nathan paused. Stephanie has never sympathized with him like this before. “Yeah,” Nathan thought about what Alan told him earlier in the trip about how women - while having a privilege to men in this way - should not be punished just because men lack the same ‘skills’ as they do. Alan had said that if he could pee standing up, no one would be able to pay him to sit down. Nathan - while being unwilling to admit it - knew Alan was right. He felt the exact same way. But just because he could not do fun things with urine doesn’t mean his girlfriend can’t.

“Thanks, Steph,” Nathan told his girlfriend. “But you girls should be able to play with your pee. Alan and I are fine.”

Jessica’s stream finally ended and the bottle was filled to above the wrapper of the bottle.

Sighing of relief, Jessica capped the bottle and set it down in the cupholder in between her and Stephanie.

“Really?” Stephanie asked, eyeing Jessica’s pee bottle. “Cause, I kinda need to go. But I don’t want to be rude.”

Nathan shook his head. “You drank a lot more than me. Besides, I don’t need to go.”

“So… So you don’t mind?” Stephanie asked.

“Not at all,” Nathan insisted.

Stephanie and Jessica smiled at one another. Jessica patted Stephanie on the back, proud of her for being so caring to her boyfriend on the way back.

“In that case,” Stephanie unzipped her jeans then returned her hands to the wheel, the whole time keeping her eyes facing forward. “Jess, bottle me!”

Jessica took an extra empty water bottle and held it to her friend’s privates. Stephanie’s stream instantly started and she began filling the bottle as she drove down the icy roads.

“Poetic justice, huh?” Nina said.

“What do you mean?” Alan questioned.

“They are using the exact same bottles to place water into their bodies and take water out!” Nina exclaimed.

The others smiled and nodded. That was kind of cool. The girls drank water and in the very same bottle, they released their waters, the same water they drank earlier, just in a different form.

An hour later, the car was nearing the end of the lengthy road. They were nearly back to civilization when Nina asked for a bathroom break.

“I would just pee into a bottle like you girls,” Nina said. ‘But I am afraid that no bottle can hold all of my pee!”

“No, that’s true,” Alan said urgently. “Let her out! Jeez, let her pee in a bottle and she will flood the car!”

Nina smiled at the thought of this entire car filled with her bladder contents, her friends drowning in her urine.

Stephanie pulled over. She and Jessica decided to switch seats anyway. Jessica would drive for the rest of the trip.

The group waited and waited for several minutes as Nina stood beside the car, on the edge of the road, with an endless stream in between the flaps of her jeans. At long last, Nina came back in the car.

Nina sighed, shutting the car door behind her. “All in all,” Nina buckled up in between the boys. “I had a great vacation! Can’t wait to visit my uncle’s cabin with you people again next year!”
