Act fast

Author: Uroguy

*005*2023-05-06 17:11

It was 12:55 am as the MRD continues their search and seizure. Susan still remained squatted holding her abdomen. She had to pee and her bladder was full, bloated. It contracted to push out the built up ocean from within, and provide relief to it. But her urethra was bearing the pressure of the ocean pushed against it. Susan felt as though her time was limited and wasn't feeling confident about holding it for much longer. She knew deep down she had to go soon.

But how was she to leave without alerting the MRD. And all because of Magneto's attack on the capital. Jean was becoming more and more desperate, wrapping her leg around her other leg, going from her whole foot to tips of her toes, and back down. Although she wasn't as desperate as Susan, she wanted to go before it's too late. Jubilee kept her calm trying to help other mutants and non mutants be calm. After all, the MRD arrested both mutants and nonmutants to rid the world of the mutant scourge.

Jubilee and Jean were trying to figure out a way out of here. They wished they could suppress their mutant genes in some manner to get passed the MRD officers. Colonel Moss instructed his men to keep searching for Mystique, and to continue rounding up mutants. "Don't stop until we have rounded up the mutant plague and Magneto's b****!". While regular humans were sorted and allowed to leave, mutants were being rounded up.

While a few tried resisting, others were too scared for fear of death. One person shouted in favor of the MRD. "Down with mutants and their dangerous powers. Long live humanity." Another person shouted in opposition. "This is wrong. Mutants are just as human." A third person cried out. "Long live the mutant brotherhood and down with nonhumans." And still, Shadow Cat didn't return as of yet. Jean wondered where she could have gone. Jubilee instructed a few mutants and non mutants in her area of the dance hall to stay put. She had a plan.

Jubilee wasn't going to let herself be taken in. But she wasn't going to resist by letting innocent people get hurt. She even had a plan for helping Susan. For the next 10 minutes, Susan could feel nothing but fear of being arrested and the possibility of wetting herself. It wouldn't have mattered if she did, the MRD would arrest her. She needed a plan but her mind was so focused on her need to pee. After 10 minutes, she just couldn't stand it anymore. "I .. c-can't hold ... it. I ... have to ... pee!"

Although she did help to try to calm some of the mutant teenagers, but she didn't do the best while squatted and appearing as though she might burst. But now she couldn't stand her predicament any longer. She had to pee and badly. There was no stalling anymore. "Thats it. I have to go. I have to pee now!". Jubilee couldn't believe her ears, but she had to help her. "Okay here's the plan. And you'll have to do this of you want to get your toilet break. I must help these people too." She said.

"Got it. Oh! ...... I'm sorry I'm not much help to you. I drank too much over the course of the day and..." but she was cut short. "Not now look here." Jubilee said. They turned to see the MRD right in front of them dealing with a mutant friend as she was bring physically taken from her friends. They were nonmutants but they didn't want to be held hostage. They didn't step in or say anything, except to say they didn't want to get arrested. "Don't let them take me hey help me help me!". But her friends didn't help. They remained silent and afraid to speak.

Jubilee spoke softly to the others. "Just stay calm and follow my instructions. Everything will be fine." Jubilee turned to Susan and spoke her plan. "Sue listen. When the MRD go to start scanning you, Jean will try to stall them, while you get ready to leave along with the others. I will cause a distraction to allow for the escape. Don't do anything until I explode fireworks in their faces. Got it!".

"Got it!" Susan replied. But she had some questions about the plan. Jubilee snapped back. "Just do as I'm saying. And you will leave along with the others buy not with them so you can find some privacy. But you have to follow my instructions to the 't'!." Susan could tell this was serious and wanted to try anything that would help her get to a toilet.

Edited May 7 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*007*2023-05-07 04:59

Jubilee could tell they might be next for the search and seizure. She continued on elaborating on her plan. "Since they have their scanners, going invisible is a bad idea. They will detect it. However, even if they were deactivated, it won't stop them from seeing you turn invisible. So when they come over and begin their search, Jean will try to talk them down. I will chime in and when the time comes, I will use their guard down as a means to distract them with some fire works."

Susan listened intently on their escape plan. "Jean will use her powers to fling the guards and Colonel Moss out of the way. My friend here (Firestar, character from the 1970's Amazing Spiderman and friends cartoon) will blast through the wall and guards. The others will make a run for it with Jean. You turn invisible and make a run for it to the bathroom. Then, go out through the window and meet Jean out in the alleyway next the building."

Jubilee's plan sounds good. But Susan noticed one detail while on the verge if an accident. "What about turning invisible is a good idea? You said they would see me." But Jubilee continued. "During the commotion created by Firestar, you turn invisible and make a break for it-" but Jean cut her short informing the MRD was almost on their back. "Jubilee, we need to hurry the plan breifing. And please give me her clothes." Susan looked perplexed. "Sue you turn invisible but your clothes and shoes won't. You'll have to turn while completely naked!".

Jubilee explained as fast as possible but she cut short by Susan. "Hello no. Are you-" but she was cut short by Jubilee. "Do you want to get out of here or what?" Jubilee asked. "This is the only way. I don't like my idea but it's the best one we've got for you!". "There is no way I'm stripping in ... (whimper) ... stupid urge to pee." Susan complained. "It's better than nothing Sue. Even if Firestar does make a way out of here and my distraction works, you still have to make it to a bathroom. In the chaos these men will round up anyone."

Susan swayed back and forth on her knees. "You need to turn invisible and to do that yoy need privacy. We will cover for you. Me, Jean, and Firestar. They all know the plan. And you can't risk anyone of them seeing you." Jubilee said. "No one knows I'm the Invisible Woman." Susan snapped. "Don't assume that Susan. They knew through their intelligence that Mystique would be here and they might know you're here too. And there are still other MRD officers outside this hall." Jubilee responded.

"So they might scanners too. How would I turn invisible without being seen? They would detect me no matter what. Its better I keep my clothes on." Susan said. "Firestar can disrupt their scanners along with my other friend Current (fictional made up mutant). She can short circuit their scanners." (The image of Firestar is shown below.)

"You're not going to make it and the chaos will make it harder for you. You need to find your way out of here. You need to turn invisible." Jubilee maintained her position. But Susan still hated the plan. It was 1:09 am and still nothing changed. Colonel Moss maintained his control over the party guests in the dance hall. "We must find Mystique to advance the Sentinel project. Keep searching!". One of his men approached the Colonel.

"Sir. We have spotted a few hydra agents working for Dr. Zola and believers of Red Skull. What should we do?". "For now leave them to Shield. Nick Fury will deal with them. Our goal is capturing mutants." Colonel Moss ordered. His troop went back to the task at hand. Jean noticed that some of the MRD troops don't have scanners and went over to ask. "Excuse me. I noticed some men don't have scanners. Is that only for high ranking officials? How would those without a scanner fare against a mutant attack?" She asked innocently.

The officer replied. "It helps with capturing mutants. One person per team has it the others are armed to capture or kill." Jean asked if the troops outside have scanners. The officer said they didn't. Jean returned back bobbing up and down some more. "The coast is clear outside. And I could accompany you Sue. I also have to pee." Colonel Moss yelled out to them. "Hey you two. Aren't you Professor Xavier's Jean Gray? And Jubilee is it?" He said.

One of the lieutenants spoke as well. "Isn't that Susan Storm from F4?". Another chimed in. "No that can't be her. The Invisible Woman is way hotter than her. But we should check it out."

"Go and see!" Colonel Moss ordered. Susan was about to lose out on borrowed time. She had to go and it was damn obvious. Now she knew Jubilee was right. She had to turn in the chaos and not get spotted. She unstrapped her shoes, stood up slowly, ready to push off her dress, and removed her feet from her shoes. Jubilee and the others were in position.

Two MRD guys approached with a lieutenant holding a scanner. Colonel Moss looked their way. Jubilee, Jean, Current and Firestar waited for the signal. Susan bobbed up and down, wincing and desperate for dear life as her bursting was a 20 in a scale of 1 to 10. She pleaded in her mind to hurry this. The two men approached and spoke to all of them in the corner. "Nobody resist. Anyone not a mutant nor in league with mutants is safe. We have to scan you."

The lieutenant came over with his scanner, pointed at Jean. He began scanning when Gambit showed up distracting the officers. "Come on guys let's be chill here. So what if they're mutants. We just want to have a good time and unwind from everyday life." The scanner went off the fritz as it detected Gambit for his mutant gene. "Besides, you still haven't given me my tax return. And you stole my date just now. You all owe me." He turned around to Jubilee and gave a nod. That was the signal. Jubilee gsve hers.

The two unsuspecting officers and lieutenant saw Jubilee approach them and suddenly. BANG! A huge fireworks display blinding the men and one sent to Colonel Moss. They all went down clutching their eyes. This is Jubilee below.

Current created a huge electric field that short circuited the scanners in the whole room. Another mutant took advantage and created a blinding light that blinded all of them. Another created sound waves to cause dizziness. Jean, Firestar, Jubilee, Susan, and the others closed their eyes during both bright moments.

Afterwards, Firestar blasted through the wall to the hallway outside and took out several MRD officers there too. That was it. Jean hunched over and bobbing up and down, came over to Susan. She took her purse and shoes. Susan stripped off her dress while turning invisible from the feet up. Jean also grabbed the dress Susan stripped off.

Susan trusted Jean with her clothes and vice versa. They shared certain clothes so this wasn't unnatural. Since there was enough room to escape the dance hall, Susan went too. Jean went with them (Firestar, Jubilee, Current, and the others) out of the dance hall. Firestar and Jubilee kept taking out MRD goons right and left.

But Jean would find herself unlucky. She was whacked from behind against and rendered unconscious. Jubilee heard the cry from Jean, saw her fall to the ground and attempted to help her. But the MRD grabbed Jean for being seized under their authority. Jubilee and Firestar led the rest of them away, inculuding Susan. Susan hobbled her way to the front of the building only to be met with more MRD goons. They closed off the entrance into the building and ordered the escapees to back off. Immediately they found themselves surrounded front and back.

Susan didn't have time for this. She had to pee like crazy and couldnt wait any longer. It was 1:14 am and over an hour of waiting while bursting big time. Susan stood there bobbing up and down holding herself trying not to have an accident. In her mind, she thought about whether this was the end and if she could just get a pee. She wished she could fight but her need to go was just too much to fight.

Even worse was the fact that Jean ended up peeing on herself. Plus, the MRD seized Jean's and Susan's purses, and the dress Susan wore. They checked for mutant DNA and who else was here. Being out cold means all muscles are relaxed. Jean couldn't hold it in as she would have done consciously. Susan kept bouncing up and down standing on the balls of her toes. She stood to one side so as not to bump into or rub arms with the MRD while invisible. After all, this was her chance to go for a piss.

"Hey check it out. One of the mutants was a woman named Susan Storm. She has an F4 communicator. She is the Invisible Woman." Yelled one MRD goon. They went through Jean and Susan's purses, including identification, cell phones, etc., Mutants didn't have rights to their privacy and possessions now. Colonel Moss and his like minded people didn't believe mutants have rights.

Now Susan was in serious trouble as they knew she was here. But without the scanners, they can't possible detect her. All she could do was stay out of the way. Jubilee and Firestar began attacking the MRD goons while Current used her powers to disarm their weapons. That way, the numbers game wouldn't work. Jubilee yelled out to Susan to go. "Sue now go!" Susan didn't move yet as she didn't want to be found. But she immobilized by her need to go.

She kept her hands in her crotch and thigs pressed together while standing on her tippy toes. She leaned against the wall behind her unnoticed by the MRD. She stood torso and butt against the wall, her head facing the ceiling as she winced trying to hold back her urge. She felt her holding power skipping. Her time was coming to an end. She had to find a bathroom fast. And she hoped Shadow Cat showed up soon.

Edited May 7 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*008*2023-05-07 13:14

Colonel Moss, still reeling from double blindness, was taken to dafety with Senator Kelly and Dr. Trask. The dance halls erupted into violence with Gambit throwing gambling cards everywhere and Mystique masquerading as an MRD officer. She got away and alerted Magneto via a nearby pay phone. Of course! It has been long since she was Professor Xavier's sister. Colonel threw out orders to round up all the mutants, even shutting down entrance and exit into the city.

He wanted to make sure no one got away. As for Jubilee, Firestar, Susan, and Current, they fought their way through the MRD officers and disarming them. Jubilee enjoyed kicking butt and being a renegade pyrotechnic alongside Firestar. Current used her powers to give the men of the MRD a shock to their system. Susan stood there waiting for her chance to use the restroom. She needed it badly and without haste. She couldn't wait anymore as her urge to go wasn't dissipating.

Furthermore, it wasn't just that she couldn't contract her muscles nor was it that she could feel the pang in her bladder. The time was 1:27 am and almost 90 minutes passed. Just then, MRD goons began shooting their stun weapons at the mutants and whom the mutants were protecting. Firestorm refocused her attacks against the MRD while Jubilee kept up her attacks against the MRD officers blocking the front entrance and surrounding the building.

Current quickly hurried the others outside, including Susan. However, Current was stunned by another wave of MRD officers. They blocked the entrance out of the building, preventing Susan from leaving. No one could tell she was there as she stood against the wall to be unnoticed. She found it hard not to fidget, wrapping her legs around each other, keeping her hands in her crotch, biting her lip, and frantically bobbing up and down on her tippy toes.

The urge was just too great now. She just couldn't hold it any more. She didn't notice her growing bladder ocean until she felt tired from her exciting day at 12 midnight. Susan remained invisible but she couldn't maintain holding it so tight and keep herself invisible either. Her mind was split into two now and her focus had to be maintained. As good as Jubilee and Firestorm were, they found themselves overwhelmed.

They ended up taking several tazer and stun shots. They were glancing blows but the repeated attacks added up. They couldn't take it anymore. Eventually, they were knocked out cold. The MRD slapped the cuffs on them and took them to their arrest vehicle. Colonel Moss was all too pleased to see these rabble rousers be caught. Luckily the others got away but their rescuers weren't so lucky. Even for Gambit, he was still disoriented. He couldn't get up nor could he stop himself from eving arrested.

This guy is Gambit above. He tried shooting gambling cards but to no avail. Now Susan was by herself invisible and totally unprotected. She covered her mouth and nose but she couldn't hold it any longer. She just couldn't hold it. The pressure was too much and her borrowed time was way past done. Now it was a matter of time before she pissed herself. Susan was trapped by the MRD officers, without any way to leave or use the bathroom.

It was now 1:43 am and the early morning hours kept ticking away. Colonel Moss ordered his men to continue their search for Mystique while Senator Kelly and Dr. Trask were quickly shepherded outside and away in a government vehicle. But Colonel Moss also wanted Susan Storm found. He knew their scanners were affected but he wasn't done. He believed both Mystique and the Invisible Woman were still on the premise.

Colonel Moss ordered his men to watch out for strange behavior amongst themselves as that might be the sign of Mystique. As for Susan, the men had to check for anything being jostled seemingly by nothing, or if they see foot prints on the ground. That is possibly Susan Storm. Either way, they were to take no chances, and stun to arrest. For the next 15 minutes, Susan waited there, bobbing up and down still fully nude and barefoot. She couldn't help but whimper ever so softly, and quietly.

She felt her urethra churning and pulsating. She couldn't help but wince in pain, holding herself, and go from foot to foot on the tippy toes rapidly. She bobbed up and down, and at times she hunched forward. She covered her mouth and nose to prevent anyone hearing her breathing. She kept her hand on her crotch trying to keep it closed. In her mind, she screamed for relief and wished for the dissappear. She didn't want to do this anymore. And there weren't any trash cans or plant pots to pee in.

There was nothing she could do, and nowhere to go to prevent the MRD from hearing her walking. Her bladder kept contracting until her urethra burst open. She wished she didn't wait this long nor deal with the MRD. Nothing she could do made her urge to pee lessen. And contracting of her urethra with all her might didn't help as it couldn't go any further. "Damn MRD's won't let me go about my business searching for a toilet. Stupid Magneto. Stupid MRD. Stupid everything. Damn it all!" Sudan thought while bobbing up and down.

No one noticed her period. There was every chance to end up finding her but not a single officer did so. At 1:51 am, two officers came very close to finding out she was hiding in plain sight. Two of them walked over to one side very much close to Susan. She couldn't move due to her urge to go. Her urethra just couldn't contract any further to hold back her pee. It was so bad nothing she could would lessen the urge.

She wrapped and double wrapped her legs, bit her lip, wincing as she raised her face towards the ceiling. In addition, she bobbed up and down on her feet, lifting her legs to the height of the opposite knee. But the two officers stood nearby her discussing their superior's orders to keep a look out and their hate for mutants. "Those weirdos with powers have menaced society long enough. Its time to eradicate them."

"Yeah, we don't need people with super powers who can commit crimes and hurt us nonmutant folk."

60 seconds later, one of them dropped a piece of equipment that rolled near Susan's right foot. Luckily she lifted it up allowing the equipment to roll by and stop 2 inches from her left foot. Susan gasped very softly as she almost spurted. Her pee quickly jetted right against the exit hole and about to leak out all over the place. Her pee was hot and the pressure was extreme that a jet was ready to come out. She knew once it came out, it couldn't be stopped. Susan stopped breathing for a few seconds waiting for the officer to pick up the piece of equipment.

The equipment was picked up and she could return to standing on the tippy toes of her feet. She just couldn't hold it back anymore as her time was over and she had to piss right now. By 2 am, she couldn't stand it and no longer could wait. She was stuck and alone with a bunch of mutant gestapo, and bursting beyond belief. Her mind was flooded by the signals from her urethra to open the flood gates. Her body was exhausted and her mind was ready to give up.

Susan could barely stand as she felt her knees ready to bend forward. She could feel herself sink a little, her feet sliding sideways away from each other in opposite directions to the other, and hunched forward. "I can't do this I can't do this. I'm gonna burst open and flood the area. They'll find me and put me away while completely naked. How embarrassing. Oh I had to drink so much and not notice the day going by as my bladder expands." Susan's legs shook ready to buckle. She just couldn't stand up like this .... that was until she heard and felt a rumbling.

At first, everyone was shaken from what they were doing. They all looked perplexed and alert. "What was that?". "I don't know." Then another loud thud, followed by another another and another, and another. It was thought to be an earthquake, by Colonel Moss declared it wasn't. "There isn't a single fault line here nor has a knew one been made."

"You sure a mutant isn't making an earthquake Sir?" Asked one of his men.

Colonel Moss couldn't be sure and ordered his men to take formation. The officers covered the front and back, keeping their guns poised and ready for shooting. Susan breathed even more heavily as a possible new threat was about to emerge. And she wasn't even ready to face the threats already here. The ground shook and vibrated as the sound got closer. But no one could see anything. The MRD took their positions, nearly bumping into Susan. She stood there, feeling boxed in on both sides.

She raised her shoulders, keeping her arms closer inwards, towards her chest, trying to fit in the small space that was her spot. Colonel Moss yelled out to his men. "Take your positions and be ready to fire. It is a mutant. I know it." Susan was now more anxious than ever which only added to her need to go. Her face turned into a frown as she gritted her teeth, bobbing up and down on her tippy toes. She closed her eyes while facing the ceiling, wishing for this to be all over. It was just too much and she had to pee NOW.

The rumbling got bigger and the shaking more intense. She began to softly whimpered as she panted. She knew her time was now up. There was no waiting. The intensity of her urge to pee built up enough for her poor exit hole. Her urethra muscle was done and it couldn't hold. "I can't I can't I just can't. Oh gawd!" Susan thought. Suddenly, and without warning, the wall next to her burst outwards at the MRD, and exploded at them. The MRD men in the way ended up propelled in the same direction and pushed aside. Susan yelped a small 1-second high pitched whimper. "Aee!".

The source of the explosion was indeed a mutant. It was the hulking giant named Juggernaut. He is shown below in the gif.

"Rrrrrrrrrrrr!" He roared as he began barreling through the MRD. Colonel Moss and his men began firing their weapons. But Juggernaut wearing his armor wasn't exposed nor stunned. He just kept attacking. Susan, however, just couldn't hold it in anymore. As I said just before Juggernaut showed up, Susan couldn't hold back her most powerful wave of desperation the likes of which she never felt before. Her muscles were about to give way.

When Juggernaut came in, she got startled and scared. Just by doing that, she flinched. That was it. She became so focused on not getting crushed or shot at that her focus on need to pee was temporarily robbed from her mind before it came back. But by then it was too late. Now there was nothing she could do to stay dry. Her body and mind were done. It was all over.

Edited May 9 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*009*2023-05-13 18:09

As soon as Susan flinched, she lost control. She started spurting into her hands. "Oh no nonono .." She cried as she brought her thighs closer to each other as an instinctive reaction. Immediately, she clamped her outer lips shut to close the hatch. But it was too late. She began spurting again, and again, and again, and again. She tried each time to contract her muscles and hold it shut. Each time she panted trying to hold it. But it wasn't working. The more she spurted a jet of pee, even for a second, it accumulated and eventually spilled into her hands, and out from the sides of her hands.

It began dripping through her fingers to her thighs pressed together, and down the sissies facing each other. One spurt and droplets jetted down he thighs, and to her knees and calves. She knew she didn't have long as she continued to spurt, her pee going through her lips and fingers, and snaking down her thighs. Some rivulets went down the sides and to the front, other snaked down the between the thighs but went down the back of her thighs.

She looked both ways for something to pee into. At first she didn't see anything while spurting, and eventually full-on peeing uncontrollably. "Nononononononono ..." She cried out. After 10 seconds of spurting, she was finally peeing herself (as mentioned just now). It exploded through her lips and hands, spraying all over her. Even her feet were more wet than begore. She looked again for something to pee into but aaw nothing. After this 10 seconds, the crowd of MRD officers were cleared out of the way, and a few tripped on a river of pee that branched off from her main forming puddle, she saw a tall trash pail with a small opening on top.

She didn't like her odds as the bathroom was still guarded but she had to act fast. She ran over to the pail dodging all the fighting and stun shots going on. She immediately positioned herself on the pail and allowed herself to pee freely. For the next 50 seconds, which she felt were the longest of her life, she emptied her bladder. Her bladder contracted more and more, pushing out her golden ocean.

She lifted her head back while her mouth gaped open as she felt relief, leaving her arms hanged by her sides, fingers dripping with her pee. She sat there, panting as her body regained normal breathing. For the 50 seconds, she peed the whole day's worth of her pee. The way she looked was as if she had an orgasm and just climaxed (but she didn't.) "Finally I'm free of all this bladder torture." Susan thought. She was upset she peed herself but she didn't want to spill all over herself and really embarrass herself.

For these 50 seconds, she was in ignorant bliss. She assumed no one would hurt her. And no one did. No one noticed her at all ..... that was until 45 seconds into her 50 second pee. She finally stopped being on guard and lowered her tension. Her emotional anxiety were reduced as she didn't have an issue with herself. She felt free only to ..... well overt. She has this smile for the next 5 seconds as her piss stream continued its last 5 seconds of going strong, until she felt her stream start to wane and become sporadic explosive spurts.

Suddenly, she was nudged by an MRD officer to which she turned her head. She had a smile on her face from being relieved. It turned to a blank expression, and then looking all around her, she expressed surprise. Everyone she saw was staring at her. In that moment, she realized she wasn't invisible anymore. Even Juggernaut stopped fighting and just stared at Susan. Even a few media camera crews kept their focus on her. One of them said "Don't move!"

A flash of light followed by a "Got it!" from that crew person. She photographed. Susan expressed horror and embarrassment. Here was Juggernaut fighting with MRD officers and fighting over the stupid mutant versus nonmutants for the right to survive, and in her middle of it was a beautiful nude blonde inadvertently on display.

One of the MRD officers came up to her and asked Susan. "Hey what's up gorgeous?". Colonel Moss shouted at his subordinate. "Don't ask her out. Shoot her and bring her in." Juggernaut was confused and disgusted. "What the hell is this crap?" before the fighting began again. More of Magneto's goons showed up to take out more nonmutants. Susan turned invisible, ran off into the distance while unclean and hands still dirty. Colonel Moss ordered his men to find Susan and arrest her. But they couldn't. More pandemonium continued.

Susan got to an alley way before cursing for not retrieving her things. Her purse and dress were still under MRD custody. But she can't go back there. They knew who she was and where she lived. And she didn't have her phone. She could do nothing but get as far away as possible from the action. Suddenly, Shadow Cat showed up with Scott, Kurt and Reed. Susan called out to them because she had no choice.

"Cat. Cat it's me. I need your help. Oh and did you bring new clothes? Mine were confiscated along with my purse. And I need something to ..." Shadow Cat cut her off and touched her while grabbing Kurt. "Now Kurt!". Kurt teleported them to another secret location while Scott and Reed dealth with the situation at the night club. It was now 2:30 am or something and Susan was tired.

Shadow Cat asked Susan to turn back to visible. But she explained she couldn't as she was completely naked. "What! Why?". Susan explained what happened while she was gone and how she ended up naked outside in the alleyway. "Thats stupid. What would you take that kind of advice?" Cat asked loudly. "It was terrible advice but I had to go and I wouldn't be able to get to a working bathroom unless I was invisible. And turned invisible from a distraction caused by Jubilee." Cat was annoyed and knowing Jubilee, who also like peeing in odd places.

Kurt felt awful for Susan and despised the MRD, especially for Jean who also peed herself while being taken away. Cat wasn't happy about this. "Those thugs." Kurt shouted. "Excuse me Kurt, could you teleport me to the shower. My feet aren't clean." Cat expressed gross expression and Kurt obliged as long Susan stayed invisible, which she did. She showered up and was provided clothes by Cat. She left them outside the shower stall. Later that day at 10 am, Susan awoke and only to see Reed. She was so happy see him and happy to know Jean, Jubille, Current, and so many others made it out alive.

But she also came to know that the media posted their recordings of the MRD. Colonel Moss gave a speech about rounding up the mutant scourge and if necessary killing them all. But the most horrible thing she came to know was the footage of herself peeing and being totally naked. Everyone around the world saw this, and even off world like Asguard and Guardians of the Galaxy. Even the quantum realm saw this, and Dr. Strange too. Susan was mortified and didn't want to leave their bunker. She cried in Reed's arms and wanted to dissipate into nothingness.

THE END

Edited May 27 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*010*2023-05-14 22:08

I am glad you liked the story LifeIsStrange. I had think hard about the ending before posting it. I wanted this to be hard on Susan Storm, and in the middle of a fight between the authorities and another dangerous mutant. I thought it would be comic mischief if an MRD officer tried to ask Susan Storm out on a date because of her good looks and her drenched skin. I was considering her having another wetting while on the run of she had her first full-on wetting in plain sight while invisible. Her legs would be soaked big time only to have a second one while hiding alone at night in the city while her friends search for her. But time wasn't on my side. And sometimes you have to not drag out the story. I already did that with Ruby and Ashlynn. I am considering a story of a female car wash attendant who's desperate to pee and almost has an accident. She pees in an odd place.
