A wet hostage tacking...

Author: urinatedpanties

*000*2014-02-12 22:33

Well this is my first fiction, it is inspired by a story that I had read on internet some weeks ago, I hope that you will enjoy it^^

(and sorry if there not always a very good inglish )

###

"Quick lock the door and close the curtains! "

It's with these words that the three men entered in this women underwear store and announced color.

These three men were dressed in black , hooded, armed and wore large bags.

Until then,the hold-up of the nearby jewelery seemed well done.

The trouble is that they had not yet returned to their car that the police pointed the tip of its nose. To top it off , the jeweler had locked the front door once they were gone.

Because , he knew from experience that they could come back in a situation like this , in order to find refuge.

Finally , the three men found a solution fast to withdraw. They chose to withdraw into the nearest shop.

An hostage taking had just began in this feminine store.

There was at that time five customers in the store, the boss of the shop and an employee.

The hostage-takers seemed novices,but they had some good reflexes that they had seen in movies. The door to the back room was closed and so confined , while the front curtains were drawn.

So there was apparently there three young men and seven women.

This little world was terrified : women by their captors , the kidnappers by the police that surrounded the store .

They asked women to sat down , which they did .

The owner, Isabelle , a 47 year old woman , asked them to leave them unharmed .

Nathalie , a client of thirty years old was already crying from fear .

Isabelle therefore asked her employee, Caroline , 25 years old, to try to reassure her.

Marie and Josephine had never known such experiences , but by the strength of their respective 52 and 45 years old ,seemed calmer.

Finally , there were Elsa and Elodie , twin sisters of 21 years old.

After 5 minutes locked , the phone rang in the store for the first time.

The 3 men walked up and down and across , almost giving the women sitting on the ground giddy.

After several calls the leader of the robbers took the phone .

Calls were spaced so it was a 15 extra minutes of wait during which fear became more intense .

The leader decided , rightly or wrongly, to take the reins of the call. He looked at his watch, it was 15:28 , and told the officer at the other end :

"It is 3:28 p.m. , you can find us all what we need to flee in maximum 30 minutes. After this time it will be an hostage shot every ten minutes. " .

Discovering a dark future , all women began to sob if they weren't already crying.

Isabelle asked to the men to let them go , at least her employee and clients .

The leader replied dryly : "We need you all, the lose of an hostage, it is ten minutes lost ! "

He concluded his speech insulting all the women.

By all this emotions , not to say fear, in so little time , Nathalie had slightly urinated in her panties . It was not enough to be dramatic, it had barely pierced her panties .

But like for many people, when an urge to pee is realy urgent and a little already went out then there was not much time to avoid the accident .

After a few minutes in total silence, in this fearfull atmosphere,

Elsa asked in a whisper to Elodie if she need to pee because she was bursting.

But one of the hostage-takers hear a faint sound of words. Suspicious, he asked in a loud voice what Elsa had said.

Elsa said nothing. She was scared , she did not manage to open the mouth.

The man repeated with an even stronger voice, he screamed at her.

But nothing worked , she could not open her mouth.

She wanted answered , but all her anatomy seemed frozen.

The leader rushed suddenly on Elsa and shouted:

" Do you have something to tell us ! "

While he was finishing with some insults , Elsa replied with one word , pronounced as discreetly as possible " pee " .

And she looked at her legs while a puddle of her urine was growing under her.

She had not yet finished the chief took her by the arm and lifted her violently .

She then stood and continued to pee in her pants.

She stood there with her face bright red and crying.

The leader then took Isabelle , and rather than having a minimum of compassion for the 6 women still seated , he sent Isabelle in the back room . He ordered her to go find something to clean everything, before it began to smell bad.

Then he took a panty, the first that came on his hand, threw it to Elsa and told her to change her underwear .

The other women were feeling their bladders begining to reach there limits and feared that they would certainly end like Elsa.

The phone rang.

Isabelle was then in the rear of the store, with one of the robbers.

Isabelle opened the bathroom door , the man told her that it was not a good idea, but she showed him the mop .

She went into the toilet to take it , when the leader shouted again. He quickly hung up the phone , the call had upset him. He asked if they would accelerated and came here to wash this mess

But Isabelle did not expect this scream, she stiffened suddently

But her thighs didn't stayed dry ! This may have been sweating ... She would have much preferred !

But no, it was her turn to urinate on herself, in her skirt, she took advantage of her presence in the toilet to sit .

Under her skirt , she was wearing very thin pantyhose with thin panties.

She breathed harder and harder , especially as she noticed that the toilet lid wasn't lifted . Her buttocks were soaked the pee followed her legs, absorbed by the tights.

Isabelle returned first in the room followed by the robber .

She had replaced her skirt , but some marks on it betrayed her accident.

While Elsa sat , Isabelle began her task of cleaning.

Nathalie now desperate knew that she was surely be the next hostage to be ashamed with a pee accident.

Totally hopeless , she bit her lip. She was more afraid of the reaction of the leader than loosing control. .

Anyway , she could no longer hold it . Her already wet panties was beggining to stain her pants.

A puddle formed gradually. She tried to hold on the best she could , but it was no use, the stream stopped only a few seconds each time she tried to regain control when it was not just a decrease in the flow .

Luckily, the puddle was growing mainly on the sides. it was more dificult to be discovered by the robbers .

This puddle quickly reached Caroline slowly soaking her butt, that slowly became as wet as Nathalie's one.

Caroline didn't know if it came from her or not . She was immobile since the beginning of the hostage taking. Was it sweat or did she pee in her pants ? She didn't know... but as she looked at Nathalie who showed panick and shame in her face she understood.

It was neither sweat nor a leak in her panties , but someone else wet accident.

She got scared for a possible violent reaction of the robbers as she saw Nathalie's eyes watering with tears.

And concentrated herself on not crying, she forgot to focus on not urinate ... and soon the puddle that was under her , expanded by her fault this time ... she now also could get into trouble, but she could not do anything about it . Valves were open, it was impossible to closed them.

When Isabelle had finished cleaning , she stood and went to put the mop away. But as she walked she saw the defeated glance of Nathalie.

It only took her a seconde to understand the situation. Caroline then took the mop from the hand of Isabella .

The leader gave a nod to say that he agreed . Caroline then began cleaning her mess and continued with the puddle of Natalie .

Time passed and the situation did not seem to change.

Marie was a good lawyer, she explained to the hostage tackers that they simply had no possibility to escape , but that the faster they gave up , shorter could be their sentenced.

As transcended by her speech, she looked like out of the body , taking height , viewing the situation as a third person.

But being out of her body also means no longer the master it!

And so, as she went on with her speech, her bladder emptied .

She was wetting herself like the other before, the only diference was that she wasn't aware of it, she finished talking with soaked panties and a yellow stained in her white pants.

Then the phone rang again. The leader took it , and everything that had been explained to him by Mary was again explained by the officer at the other end of the phone.

And it's because of this repeated speech in such a short time that the robbers were convinced that they were trapped with no issue.

Isabelle opened the storefront curtains.

Then the 7 women went out , each under the care of a member of the GIGN (sort of french elite police).

One after another, they ran assisted by a policeman.

Josephine had lost the habit of this excercise . Furthermore , she was relieved that all this finally ended .

That's why at every step, a long stream of urine ran down her legs leaving a long trail.

Elsa went out last with Elodie . As Elsa was half naked , Elodie pressed her hard to give her courage .

Rescuers took care directly of them. But even if they were twin sisters, they had been separated , each in an ambulance.

The rescuer who was then in charge of Elodie , put a blanket around her to make her feel protected.

Routine checks began .But Elodie was not at all focused on that.

She sought her sister look. And when the sisters began to watch each other , Elodie noded and smiled...

The rescuer Elodie asked if everything was okay .

To which she replied :

" - Yes it is ... it's just that I'm peeing ..."

