Godly Desperation

Author: UrineLover1

*012*2023-01-30 04:21

I wrote a second story going off of this idea. This one is about the nine muses the goddess of the arts.

I know the nine muses aren't the most well-known characters in mythology. That is to say, everyone knows about them as a group, but very few know of them individually.

For reference:

Calliope - goddess of epic poetry

Clio - goddess of history

Erato - goddess of love/erotic poetry

Euterpe - goddess of music and wind interments

Melpomene - goddess of drama and tragedy

Polyhymnia - goddess of sacred songs and poems

Terpsichore - goddess of dance and choir

Thalia - goddess of comedy

Urania - goddess of astronomy

The nine muses were busy with the final preparations. Clio was restringing her lyre, Euterpe warmed up her flute, Calliope was warming up her voice, Terpsichore was tap dancing all about, Polyhymnia was stretching her throat by singing the highest notes known to man.

Walking up the steps to the shrine was Apollo. “Hey, ladies, ready for the show?” The sun god asked.

“You know it, Apollo!” Calliope cried. “We’re all set!”

“Good. Show starts in five,” Apollo said. “And remember, this show is for Peleus and Thetis. It is their big start into married life! We want the show to be good, don’t we?”

“We sure do, Apollo,” Thalia giggled.

“I guess, why not?” Melpomene shrugged.

“Melpomene,” Euterpe set down her lyre. “Can you try and go one day without being so gloomy?”

“I’m the muse of tragedy,” Melpomene replied. “What do you expect?”

“Riiiiigh…” Apollo said slowly. “Anyway, good luck out there, ladies.” And with that, the god of music left.

The nine muses watched him go and when they were sure he was out of sight, they all instantly dropped what they were doing to grab themselves under their togas.

“Do you think he noticed?” Polyhymnia stammered, staggering back and forth with her knees bent so tight they appeared to be fused together.

“I don’t think so,” Calliope stared off into the distance in the direction of the sun god.

“I have to pee so bad…” Urania wailed.

“Yeah, we all do!” Melpomene snapped.

“Time for a new poem,” Erato grasped at her quill and a sheet of parchment, “O to a full bladder!” Erato’s hand flew to the crotch of her toga.

“What do we do?” Terpsichore danced around. Terpsichore may be the muse of dancing, but right now… She was dancing for a far more important reason.

“I thought the concert wasn’t going to start for a few more hours,” Calliope hissed, remembering Apollo informing her just half an hour ago of the upcoming concert.

“Why did we decide to do that dumb holding contest?” Melpomene demanded, placing one leg over her adjacent knee in the air.

“We thought we had a few hours before the concert,” Euterpe reminded her sister.

Hunching over and running her pale hands up her shins, Thalia grunted, “If you all just let me win then…”

“You?” Calliope shuffled back and forth. “I would be the one to win! I am the leader of the muses after all!”

“Does not mean you have the best bladder,” Thalia retorted. “Hate to tell you this, sis, but you are the leader due to your perfect voice, not your perfect bladder,” the goddess of comedy joked.

“Who cares who would have won,” Urania wailed. “Guys, I am seeing stars! And not just cause I rule over astronomy!”

“Urania is right… This is bad, girls,” Calliope said. “Five minutes isn’t long enough for one god to pee let alone nine! Melpomene is right. We should not have had that holding contest. We have not peed in over a week, and it is coming back to haunt us!”

“Talk about our poor planning skills,” Thalia muttered, grabbing fistfuls of toga.

Clio sighed. “Well, it is too late to undo the past. Believe me, I know,” insisted the goddess of history.

“How long is this damned concert anyway?” Melpomene squeezed her tights will all of her might.

Calliope’s usually tanned skin tone went white. “Two hours.”

“TWO HOURS!” The other eight muses wailed.

“Will there be an intermission?” Polyhymnia asked, hopeful.

With sad puppy dog eyes and a desperate dance, Calliope shook her head.

The muses could have of course asked Apollo to wait longer. But the issue there was the of course, as Calliope had stated, one god took several minutes to pee. And that is with a half-full bladder. But nine gods with bladders at the max… The muses might spend up to a day waiting in line for the bathroom.

The muses refused to delay the concert. After all, as they say, the show must go on. The muses could not disappoint Apollo. Or the other gods. Or the friendly couple Peleus and Thetis. Peleus and Thetis were such fine mortals. They always honored the gods and respected them. Plus, Apollo - also being the god of prophecy - foretold that these mortals would have a son one day named Achilles. Achilles would be a fabulous hero in some sort of future war.

The muses didn’t understand that part. But what they did understand was that these mortals who just got hitched and would someday have a super awesome son were counting on the muses' songs to send them into married life. Apollo was also counting on them. Apollo had spent months planning this concert. Apollo had promised Zeus that everything would go perfectly. He had sworn on the Styx! That was a serious oath to make to begin with. But given the fact Apollo promised Zeus… Well… Everyone knew how easy-going Zeus was. (That is the rawest form of sarcasm. Zeus was the most hot-tempered god in the entire Greek pantheon. Second to his wife, Hera maybe…)

The muses had to go on. For their fans, for Achilles’ parents, for Apollo. Besides, they were goddesses. They could hold it! Hopefully…

“The biggest question was… How well can we sing and dance with full bladders?” Erato asked nervously. The muses now stood on stage behind the curtain getting as much potty dancing in beforehand as they could.

“Dancing won’t be an issue,” Thalia remarked with a laugh.

“Can you ever be serious?” Melpomene snapped.

“Can you ever be happy?” Thalia shot back.

“Welcome ladies and gentlemen,” Apollo’s voice was saying from the other side of the leather curtain. “It is my honor to congratulate Peleus and Thetis for tying the note! I hope you have many happy years together. Or two.” Dead silence. Apollo swallowed. “Clio told me to tell that joke.”

Melpomene eyed Clio. A simple ‘I told you that you’re not funny’ look Thalia rolled her eyes.

Calliope lightly tugged on her strawberry-colored hair. She quickly adjusted her laurel wreath. Calliope would not tell her sisters this, but she felt the pressure in her godly pelvis increase every second. It was pressing down on her vulva, begging to be let out. But Calliope shook off the urge.

“Come on, ladies,” Calliope whispered, more for her benefit than the others. “Let us do this for Apollo.”

“THE NINE MUSES!” Apollo wailed.

The crowd went wild. The curtain rolled up to reveal gods and mortals alike all sitting in garden chairs, gathered around the stage. The air was cool and the wind was gentle. The mountains grew tall in the distance and a nearby river gurgled. ‘Must we listen to that all concert?’ All nine muses thought in agony. The sun was bright - thanks to Apollo, of course. Birds chirped in the trees. The muses could not have asked for a more peaceful day for their outdoor concert. Granted, all of the gods - the beings who control nature itself - created such a fine day, it was still marvelous regardless.

The muses took their positions. Clio began to lightly stroke her lyre. Calliope swayed to the music, momentarily forgetting her urinary troubles and she began to sing. Polyhymnia soon joined in, singing along with her older sister. Terpsichore danced around behind them, and Euterpe played her flute. The rest of the muses gathered around Calliope and Polyhymnia and hummed to the song all while playing a vast selection of instruments. Erato played the triangle while Thalia was on the recorder and Urania took the lute and Melpomene the hurdy-gurdy.

For a while, the muses were able to forget all about their worries. This is why they loved song and dance. It took away their worries. Just by singing and dancing, they instantly felt better as if they had no cares in the world. Sadly, this remedy didn’t last long.

After the first four songs, the muses began to feel their urges hit stronger than ever. Clio had her legs pressed tight, one in front of the other. Thalia used her free hand to pat her thigh, right next to her crotch. Calliope kept her legs laced around one another. Urania had tears in her eyes as she used her lute to hide the fact that she was grasping her genitalia through her pitch-black toga. Polyhymnia was frequently twirling her loose strands of chocolate hair to distract herself. Euterpe expertly wiggled her fingers down the keys of her flute, all the while lifting her legs up and down against her crotch, working her hardest to make it appear to just be a dance move.

And as Thalia pointed out, technically it was! Melpomene kept her hurdy-gurdy pressing down deep into her crotch. She was forced to play the instrument at an awkward angle, but better than openly holding herself. In between notes, Erato used her steel rod to tug on the straps of her flamingo pink toga, anything to distract herself. Terpsichore had it the easiest. As the one to do all the dancing, she was able to frequently move her legs about and keep them as close together as she wished. She even managed to squeeze her crotch and then spin around, making it look like a dance move.

Song number five ended. There were still eight more to go and the first hour was not even up. The muses knew they were in trouble.

Song six was over and the first hour ended. This would have been the perfect time to take a break! But alas, no breaks were scheduled.

All nine muses stood cross legged and shaking. They were goddesses. While it was unlikely, it certainly was possible for them to have accidents all over the stage. And even if they, against all odds, managed to hold out another sixty minutes with seven additional songs, by that time, the audience would surely know of their predicament. If they hadn’t known already that is!

The muses were ready to cry as fear and agony washed over them. They had all held their urine in their dumb holding contest more than a week now. They had plenty of water and nectar to drink within that time. The pain was insufferable! All eighteen of their hands twitched violently, struggling to refrain from openly grabbing themselves. Soon, there would be nine identical puddles on stage. The very thought made all nine sisters ready to squirt like never before!

Just when all hope had seemed lost for the muses, there came an interruption from the front row.

“I apologize,” said Doris, the mother of the bride, Thetis. Doris was also one of the three thousand daughters of Oceanus and Tethys, the titans of the ocean and freshwater respectively. Oh, why did Doris have to be the one to interrupt? Just looking at her made the muses think of her parents. The ocean, the rivers, the streams… Freshwater and saltwater combined.

Urania felt a sharp hiss soak her toga. The urine rolled down her slim legs. Urania had the worst bladder out of her sisters. Truthfully, a week of holding was a lot for Urania! She had never held this long nor this much in her immortal life. As the goddess of astronomy, Urania could control the entire cosmos, yet she failed to contain her bladder’s waters!

Calliope looked at her youngest sister. While the wet patch on her toga was unable to be detected (mostly due to the darkness of the fabric) up close, one could see beads of urine glisten off the astronomy muse’s legs.

“Yes, Doris, is everything okay?” Apollo called.

“I am sorry to interrupt, my lord,” the mother of the bride apologized. “I was just wondering if we may take a brief intermission. I must… Create an ocean if you know what I mean.”

“I am sure there is an intermission coming up, Doris,” Zeus promised, sitting in the front. The thunder god eyed Apollo. “You did schedule an intermission. Correct, Apollo?” Zeus growled at the sun god. Zeus’ growling sounded just like thunder brewing in the sky and it made Apollo quake in his place.

“O… Of course, L… Lord Zeus,” Apollo wheezed as though he had horrible asthma. “In fact…” Apollo said quickly. “It is intermission time right now!”

All nine muses quickly perked up.

“We have a twenty-minute intermission starting now!” Apollo announced. “Please get a drink, food, use the facilities, whatever you wish. We shall reconvene shortly.”

\As soon as the curtain closed, all nine muses turned and booked it off stage! The nine goddesses charged down the steps and raced across the greenery towards the nearest lavatory.

Down the hill, there were a set of godly toilets set up. Each toilet sat within four wooden walls on the edge of the meadow. Hephestus called these new inventions, ‘porta potties’.

The goddesses ran full steam ahead, hands in crotches, wanting nothing more than to sit on the bowl and gush. They only had twenty minutes. Hopefully it was long enough for them all to properly empty. Or at least drain most of their overworked bladders.

They were halfway when Urania froze in her tracks. She felt as if all of the water in the universe was contained within the walls of her urinary bladder, being held back by a sphincter that was quickly losing its strength. Urania felt as if her bladder was its own planet. A planet made entirely of water. And that water… Was pure gold. This image was far too much for the youngest muse. “Oh, oh…” the astronomy goddess breathed as she felt an ocean flow down her legs. In a split second, Urania’s toga, the color of the night sky, was soaked all from the waist down. Multiple rivers of urine ran down her incredibly pale legs and cascaded onto her sandals, flowing down her toes, and finally pooling into the grass at her feet, turning the spot she stood into a wet wonderland of damp grass and slightly sour smelling urine.

Urania began to sob as she just stood there, on her way to the toilets, fully drenched in her own liquids. And yet, the relief was heavenly. Truly a piss fit for a goddess! Urania was once again seeing stars. And they were the best kind. The stars that showed themselves to you when you were in absolute paradise. This was Urania’s utopia. Stars danced in her vision. Stars. Stars…

“Oh, Urania,” Calliope looked back at her sister, hobbling like an elderly as she struggled to hang on herself.

“I… I…” Urania cried.

“It happens, Urania, it’s okay,” Erato promised.

“It is better than okay!” Urania quickly perked up. “It feels fantastic! Oh, gods of Olympus! Sweet relief!”

“Glad you enjoy, girl,” Polyhymnia’s legs were crossed twice as she bobbed up and down on her sandals like a centaur’s body when they gallop.

Watching their sister pee, the remaining eight muses felt their bladders cramp up, their sphincters ready to break as well. The rest turned and fled towards their beckoning thrones.

Alas, there were only three porta potties. The good news was the muses were the first to reach them. They all began to shout and fight as they all struggled to be the first inside.

Terpsichore - being the most angelic of the muses - would have made her way inside, but at the last second, Erato grabbed her arm and pushed her to the side. Erato dashed in and slammed the door shut. With one out house taken, that left only two and seven desperate goddesses.

They all crammed towards the second one. Clio was the first one in.

The other six’s heads snapped towards the final open toilet. They all lunged for it at once. That’s when Calliope spotted something.

The muse of epic poetry thrust her hands out in either direction to hold her sisters back. Holding them back while simultaneously holding back a full bladder was no easy feat. But she had to. For a reason more important than the ocean inside.

“Girls, wait,” Calliope hissed.

“Not falling for it,” Polynhymnia swiveled around her sister and dashed for the loo.

Calliope grasped Polyhymnia’s arm and pulled her back. “I’m serious, Calliope snapped. “Look…”

Coming down the hill was Doris.

“Doris? So what?” Melpomene danced on the spot.

“She’s the mother of the bride,” Calliope pointed out. “And we know she has to pee! It is rude of us to hog the final toilet.”

“It will also be rude to completely piss ourselves,” Melpomene snapped, the pressure in her bladder almost wiping her out.

“No, she is right,” Euterpe made a fist and moved it in circles around her crotch. “What would Apollo think if he heard us hogging the toilet and making poor Doris wait?”

“Besides, Doris isn’t a goddess like us,” Calliope pointed out. “She’s an oceanid, daughter of the water titans.”

“Don’t say water…” Thalia whimpered, doing a slight jig where she stood.

“My point is, we as goddesses pee a lot longer than she does,” Calliope said. “We can hold our pee for ages. She can’t. She will probably be in and out!”

“But her parents are the titans of salt and freshwater!” Melpomene whined. “She may piss forever!”

“I don’t think that’s how it works,” Calliope said.

“Hey, ladies,” a voice said. Doris had caught up to them. “Great show so far! Can’t wait to see the rest.”

The muses all muttered under their breaths.

“Are you all waiting for the toilets?” Doris asked, eyeing the stalls. “There is still one open one.”

The muses looked at one another then back to Doris. They all knew what they had to do. It was what Apollo would have wanted. Plus, Calliope had a point. Doris may be a daughter of two titans, but she was an ocean spirit. Her bladder was not limitless like the muses. Well… Mostly limitless.

“We actually want you to go first,” Calliope said, gesturing for Doris to go on.

Doris looked the muses up and down, noticing how they squirmed and danced all around. “Are you sure?” She asked. “You look awfully desperate.”

“Yeah, yeah, how quick do you pee?” Melpomene demanded.

“MELPOMENE!” the other five muses shouted.

The goddess of tragedy just shrugged.

“I am an ocean spirit. In other words, I am more mortal than all of you,” Doris explained. “I should only take two minutes. Tops. Are you sure?”

The muses nodded.

“Okay, thank you,” Doris stepped into the final toilet and shut the door.

Inside the farthest stall on the left, Clio stood above the toilet, lifting her tangerine toga and aiming her vulva towards the bowl. A very strong, very sloppy stream, shot from the pee hole of the history goddess.

“A… A… Ahhhhhhhh…” Clio was unable to keep from moaning aloud. She slowly lowered herself all the way down onto the toilet. A smile spread across her face and her large green eyes closed. The corner of Clio’s lip twitched as she listened to the beautiful sound of a waterfall rushing from between her tights. Clio hugged her knees in pure joy. This was the best feeling in the entire universe to let a week’s worth of pee go! It was so, so freeing.

Clio pissed at full force. She was able to feel how messy her stream was. Clio always struggled with a messy stream. Even on a nearly empty bladder, the history goddess’ pee stream never fell straight down. It broke into a dozen different streams and went into all sorts of different directions. But when she was really desperate - like now - her sloppy stream got even more untidy. Clio felt a stray stream splash her left buttock. Clio only smiled even more, enjoying everything. The feeling of the pressure draining from her, the sound of hissing, even the clumsiness of her stream. It was all perfect!

As the history goddess, Clio was an expert historian. And yet, as far as she knew, nothing in history compared to the feeling of emptying a bursting bladder!

As she closed the door on her desperate sisters, Erato squirted into her bright pink toga. Cursing ferociously in ancient Greek, Erato yanked up her toga and as soon as she did, an all-powerful squirt forced its way from her sphincter down into the bowl with an ear splitting psshhh.

Erato’s curvy rump rested on the toilet bowl as a golden piss the color of nectar trembled down into the bowl, flowing as fast as a rapid river. Erato felt herself orgasm. As the muse of love and erotic poetry, Erato was a lot more sexual than her sisters. It didn’t take a lot to make the love poetry goddess orgasm. And pissing with a full bladder was enough to do that.

Erato was so tempted just to grab her clit and fiddle it as hard as she could and cum into the bowl. And normally she would have done just that. She would have had this glorious pee while masturbating. She would allow her urine stream to spray all around as she rubbed and rubbed her clit, experimenting with different pressures and styles of play. But Erato knew her sisters wouldn’t very much like it when they finally did enter and they found the stall coated in Erato’s liquid waist.

So, Erato may not be able to masturbate right now. But she would be damned if she allowed all of this built up energy to go to waist! She got an idea.

Erato reached into the folds of her toga and produced a parchment and quill. Erato held the black scroll before her and rapidly began to scribble words onto the rough paper. Erato wrote line after line, lyric after lyric. Erato always did get her best inspiration from experiences. And there was no experience better than draining a bladder that was mere seconds away from rupturing!

Erato wrote of a woman who, like her, had been waiting for ages to use the toilet. And when she finally did, she felt the powerful raw orgasm that came with release. The sheer energy of her organs as her bladder drained. It was the most peaceful she had ever been.

Erato loved this moment, never wishing it to end. As she peed and peed, she wrote and wrote. Both her bladder and her inspirational mind were overjoyed.

Erato thought of giving this poem to Eros for his birthday. Erato was great friends with the god of sexual love. Eros, the son of Aphrodite and Ares, naturally loved all things sexual. Erato thought of discussing with him how emptying a full bladder brought her to an orgasm. She was sure he would be intrigued.

Erato felt extremely bad for her poor sisters outside who - rather than experience this relief - were forced to wait. But it was hard to care when Erato felt her heart racing and her clit buzzing like this. Her bladder was emptying, and her muscles were relaxed. Every muscle in Erato's immortal form was at peace.

Calliope, Polyhymnia, Euterpe, Thalia, Melpomene, and Terpsichore continued to squirm and dance outside the three closed off stall doors.

Calliope kept her legs crossed in front of one another. Polyhymnia sat on the grass, hugging her knees close to her, and rocking back and forth on her bum. Euterpe was bunching up her toga, silently whispering to herself not to pee. Thalia was hopping from foot to foot so slightly that she was hardly moving them off the grass, as she pressed her happy drama mask against her genitalia, using it as a makeshift plug to keep herself sealed off. Melpomene kept her body hunched as she chewed her lip like an angry tiger ripping apart a mortal. The tragedy goddess kept her eyelids closed and hands in between her tights. Terpsichore - not caring who saw any more - had moved her skirt all the way up so she could hold her aching vulva itself. Terpsichore also danced around even more so than usual, kicking her legs out, twisting her legs, bouncing, everything under the sun to keep from having an accident.

The farthest right porta potty opened its door. Doris stepped out. That was rather quick! That was the good news. The bad news was, upon seeing the free toilet on the other side of the door, all six of the remaining muses were prepared to explode from the inside out.

“Phew!” Doris wiped sweat from her forehead. ‘I feel better! Thanks for letting me…” She was cut off as six desperate goddesses rushed at her.

“MOVE!” Melpomene shouted, pushing Doris away.

“Hey, that was rude,” Calliope snapped at her sister.

“I’m the muse of tragedy,” Melpomene danced/ran into the open toilet. “AND THERE IS ABOUT TO BE A TRAGEDY IN MY TOGA!!!” Slam!

Calliope looked at Doris, her face expressing her remorse. “We have to go rather badly,” she admitted.

“Oh? I am sorry,” Doris blushed. “Now I feel bad for going first.”

“Don’t,” Calliope whimpered, openly holding herself. “We let you. Besides, just like I anticipated, you were in and out. Besides, I wanted to thank you… Truthfully, Apollo didn’t have an intermission scheduled. We are so happy you spoke up! If you hadn’t, we wouldn’t have had the chance to pee at all!”

Doris radiated with pleasure at hearing these words. “Well, you are quite welcome. Great show, again. And thanks again,” Doris waved goodbye and then returned to the concert area leaving five struggling muses behind her.

Melpomene’s posterior hit the toilet with so much force, that in itself caused a bang! Then, there was a PSSSSSSHHH! The stream was so powerful, it burned Melopeme’s pee hole as it fired out.

The tragedy goddess moaned, slumping her head against the wall. Her short dark brown hair fell in her face like a curtain. Tears welled her sky blue eyes. Her chest moved in and out like a ball passing between two players. Melopeme slumped on the bowl. She hissed and she gushed. Her internal water level went down and for once, the depressing goddess of drama and tragedy felt relieved!

Melpomene felt guilty having been so ill-mannered with Doris. But she had to pee! Whatever, Melpomene didn’t care. This sensation between her legs felt too good to care about anything!

Calliope shuffled her legs, keeping her hands firm in place. Eterupe kept crossing and uncrossing as she hobbled in place. Thalia leaned against the wall of one of the potties and repeatedly slapped the wall behind her, moaning as she did so. Polyhymnia - still on the ground - now lay on her side, her hands inside her toga, causing the fabric to wrinkle. Her face was so scrunched up, it looked ready to explode. Terpsichore (loving dance) decided to make a dance of this. She held her genitalia in both hands and skipped in place while sliding her teeth across her lip like a kazoo. Her lengthy blonde hair leapt up and down with her movements.

Suddenly, the last person the muses wanted to see appeared. Apollo came over.

“There you ladies are. You disappeared. What’s going on? You warming up,” Apollo looked them over.

“No, Apollo,” Calliope said, losing her patience as well. “We are not warming up. We must… Take care of our godly business.”

Apollo nodded. “So, I see. Why didn’t you go before the show?”

“Aside from the fact you moved the time,” Calliope said through grit teeth. “You know it takes us gods forever to take a piss!”

“So, I see,” Apollo scratched his chin. “Well, I hate to see you go on stage looking like that. But Zeus is getting rather impatient.”

“Zeus is always impatient,” Polyhymnia grunted under her breath.

“We will be fine, Lord Apollo,” Calliope insisted. “How much longer is the intermission?”

“Ten minutes.”

The muses shifled groans. They knew they could not wait that long. Nor could they completely drain their bladders in that short amount of time. And even then, Clio, Erato, and Melpomene have been inside the stalls for ten minutes now and they showed no signs of emerging.

“Please try and get back as soon as possible,” was all Apollo said before leaving.

The muses hated this so much. Not only were they still bursting full of piss, but now both Apollo and Doris knew of there rather embarrassing situation.

“Ladies, I cannot hold much longer,” Thalia whimpered, staggering on her feet.

“We have to,” Calliope said.

“No, no. No, no, no, no, no,” Thalia repeated. “Normally I can find a joke about anything. But there is nothing funny about this!” With that, the goddess of comedy turned on her heels and as quick as Hermes, dashed behind Melopeme’s porta potty.

“Thalia,” Calliope called. “What in the gods’ name…” Her voice was cut off by the splitting sound of a brutal trail of urine.

Thalia didn’t care anymore. Her sisters could see, they could join in, but the goddess of comedy was at her limit. And so, Thalia had lifted her golden toga, squatted in the grass behind the final porta potty, and unleashed the gold stewing inside of her.

Thalia breathed a heavy, “Whew! Relief!” and slowly allowed her eyes to close as her immortal brian slipped into tranquility.

A shower of liquid sprayed from Thalia’s pussy and crashed down into the grass. The earth took in Thalia’s cargo, alleviating her tortured bladder.

As she peed, Thalia somehow found this situation comical. How? Why? She hadn’t a clue. But to think she came so close to wetting herself that she had to go behind the porta potty! Perhaps it is a goddess of comedy thing. Either way, Thalia erupted into laughter. She laughed and laughed so hard, she felt her sides sting. Nothing like a great pee to exercise the laughing box!

“Guess she couldn’t hold it,” Terpsichore stated.

“Neither can I!” Euterpe followed in Thalia’s lead and ducked behind the porta potty on the left.

“And then there were three,” Calliope noted, looking at Polyhymnia and Terpichore.

Euterpe lifted her periwinkle robes, squatted and… It was music to the music goddess’ ears. An enormous throrrrot was heard. Her urine sound was so distorted, likely from holding for so long. Regardless, it was most certainly the sound of a desperate urination. And as the goddess of music, Euterpe could safely say she had never heard anything so beautiful.

Euterpe saw colors. She could hear a choir singing in her brain. Such relief!

“Hey, Euterpe,” Thalia laughed. Squatting a mere five or six meters from Euterpe, Thalia waved.

“Hey, Thalia,” Euterpe was panting. She could feel the water level inside go down, slowly but surely. And it felt great! Euterpe wished she had her flute so she could play in tune with her urine sounds. That was a good idea, actually. When this was all over, Euteerpe would have to get desperate again and play along with her urination sounds.

“Hey, Euterpe,” called the giggly goddess of comedy.

“Yes?” replied the music goddess.

“I’m peein’,” Thalia twittered.

Euterpe rolled her eyes. But relief felt so good, she just had to smile at her sister’s silly behavior.

Five minutes left of intermission, Clio exited her stall, looking as cheerful as ever. “Who’s next?”

“I am!” Terpsichore pushed past Calliope. Polyhymnia moaned on the floor, but she was far too weak to stand, let alone fight.

“Kinda pointless now,” Calliope complained. “We only have five minutes left.”

“Maybe so,” Terpsichore snapped back. “But I’m gonna drain every last drop I can!”

“Hope you can stop, though,” Calliope warned.

Terpsichore knew her sister had a point. Given her godly bladder and how long she has held it, Terpsichore knew there was no way she would be able to unload all of her freight within five minutes. She probably wouldn’t even drain a quarter, But she also knew every drop she did get out would make her feel better. And if she couldn’t stop… She would figure it out then. Terpsichore was counting on voiding a good percentage of her bladder so she may continue on the rest of the concert. It was worth a shot. Better than todally pissing herself like poor Urania.

And so, the goddess of dance shut herself in the stall.

Terpsichore crashed down on the bowl, her pure white toga on her knees as her sphincter could no longer withstand the pressure and a river circulated into the toilet bowl below her.

Terpsichore buried her face in her knees, arching her back. She screamed into her toga. It just felt sooo good, she could not help it. A colossal weight was lifted from her. No better sound than that all too familiar, incredibly lovely riiisssh sound filled the porta potty.

Terpsichore was so overjoyed, she wanted to dance! And not the potty dance either! She was thinking more of an open turn with a pirouette with a lock step sprinkled in. It would be her victory dance. Because she made it! She knew she wouldn’t empty it all. Not by a long shot. But she was already feeling a lot better.

Three minutes left of intermission.

Clio went back to inform Apollo of their situation. Maybe he could extend the intermission for them. Didn’t hurt to ask.

Polyhymnia was now in a seated position on the grass. She rocked on her butt, moaning. Her face was beaded with sweat and her hands were so far in her neithers, they appeared to have vanished from sight. Polyhymnia’s face was beat red and she had long flowing rivers of tears from her eyes. Her skin was crawling and prickling with imaginary bugs. But Polyhymnia did not dare remove her hands to scratch her painful skin.

Calliope had thought she was desperate! But just looking down at her poor sister, she could sense she was on the verge of losing all control.

Polyhymnia opened her mouth and the largest, scariest, most powerful string of curses Calliope had ever witnessed came flying from her. Standing on one foot with a hand against her ladies, Calliope covered her mouth to hide a smile.

“Polyhymnia, are you sure you are the goddess of sacred poems and songs?” Calliope teased.

More curse words. “Screw it!” Polyhymnia squatted where she was. Yanking her crystal green toga up, she popped a squat and… PSSSSSSHHHH sounded her hot, heavy, stream of gold and pain. The stream was like a geyser. Too much pressure and it all popped out.

Polyhymnia was all curses and sweat. “That feels sooo fucking good! I never have had to fucking piss so bad in my Gods damn life! I was going to fucking barf from how badly I had to piss!”

“Glad you feel better,” which was more than Calliope could say for herself. Thalia and Euterpe were bad enough. But watching one of her sisters pee right in front of her, not even bothering to cover up… Calliope could feel all the nectar go straight from her kidneys to her bladder. If it wasn’t there already, that is.

Polyhymnia gushed for a very long moment. Then the stall door behind her tried to open, but it only bumped into the goddess of sacred poems and songs.

Melopeme was attempting to exit until she noticed her sister blocking the way.

“DON’T MOVE ME!” Polyhymnia uproar.

“Okay…” Melopeme made the wise decision to wait in her stall.

Great! Calliope thought to herself. Now Polyhymnia is blocking Melopeme, so I can’t pee! Just as well. Like I told Terpsichore, I wouldn’t have much time now anyway. Only two more minutes until intermission is up. Perhaps I can wait another hour…

Calliope knew her chances of that were unlikely. But she still had one last hope. Perhaps Clio would have luck with convincing Apollo to give them a few more minutes.

Eventually, intermission was up. Calliope feared they would have to return soon. Just at that moment, Apollo came racing down the hill with Clio in toe. Calliope crossed her fingers, begging the gods for good news.

Just as Apollo and Clio reached them, Erota exited her stall. After a twenty some minute piss, the goddess of love poetry looked a lot healthier.

“Guys, I am so sorry,” Apollo said. Not what Calliope had been hoping for, it sounded like. “But as I said, Zeus is growing rather impatient…”

“Tell Zeus to wait!” Polyhymnia wailed, mid stream.

Apollo flinched. Partly due to watching one of his muses pee before his very eyes. But mostly because no one spoke about the king of the gods like that.

“Why don’t you tell him that, Polyhymnia,” Apollo challenged. “I double dog dare you!”

Polyhymnia backed off. Polyhymnia wanted to finish her pee. But not that bad to stand up to Zeus. Polyhymnia muttered how her father was a pain in the neck.

“Hey, just like Zeus is all of your father, he is my father too,” Apollo pointed out. “No one knows how… Difficult he is, that I… But that does not change the fact he wants you all back right now!”

“Did you tell him of our… Situation?” Calliope asked.

“I did. He doesn’t care.”

“Of course not! Why would he?”

“Anyway, we must head back soon,” Apollo said as quickly as his voice would allow. “Who still has to go?”

“I am the only one who has not gone at all,” Calliope danced. “Polyhymnia just started a few minutes ago. Terpsichore is in the john now, going. And Thalia and Euterpe are behind the porta potties going right now.”

Apollo blinked. “Why didn’t you all pee outside from the start? I mean, no one else is around?”

“It was a last resort for some of us, Apollo,” Calliope snapped. “You know, peeing outside isn’t the easiest thing for a girl to do!”

“Riiiight,” Apollo repeated. “Why did you not just change form, though?”

“What?”

“Well, you are goddesses.”

“Right! As in female!”

“With abilities. Such as shapeshifting!” Apollo spelled out. “Why didn’t you just change into dudes to go?”

It was Calliope’s turn to blink in astonishment. Why hadn’t she thought of that from the start! How she would have loved to pee out here with a penis!

Calliope slapped her noggin in frustration.

“Didn’t think of it, did yeh?” Apollo asked smugly, with his arms crossed.

“No, Apollo, we did not think of it!” Calliope snapped back. “When your bladder is this full and messing with your brain, you don’t always think of stuff like that!”

Clio piped up, “As I say all the time, can’t undo the past. I know! I rule over history! That said…” Clio coughed into her fist and looked to the sun god. “What do we do?”

“I blame Hephestus!” Calliope cried.

“Hephestus? What did he do?” Apollo wondered.

“He only made three porta potties!” The goddess of epic poetry wailed. “Does he not realize us gods can store a lot in our tanks and hence take a while to alleviate ourselves?”

Apollo could not deny, Calliope’s surge of anger was scaring him slightly. And yet, he was also slightly turned on. “I’ll make sure Hephestus gets the massage,” was all Apollo said on that. “And PS, Calliope… You are hot when you get mad.”

“Shush!” Snapped the goddess of epic poetry. “Don’t be creepy, Apollo. This is why people assume Orpheus is our son!” This was a common misunderstanding. Everyone assumed the famous hero Orpheus is the son of Apollo and Calliope. This should be proven untrue given the fact that if two gods had a child, that child would be a god. But Orpheus walked among mortals as a demigod. Orpheus was Calliope’s son, and he was her pride and joy. But Orpheus’ father wasn’t Apollo. It was Oeagrus the King of Thrace. Orpheus was named after Oeagrus for crying out loud! Besides, if Orpehus was truly Calliope’s son with Apollo, that would make his marriage weird. Orpheus married Eurydice, daughter of Apollo. It would have been weird for him to marry his half-sister. Then again, it works for the gods. Why not demigods?

Still, with all of Apollo’s constant flirting, it was easy to see why people would mistake him for the father of Calliope’s child.

“We must return to the concert, huh?” Calliope squirmed, doing her best to let her anger at Apollo dissolve and to get back on track.

Apollo frowned. “Afraid so.”

“Ladies,” the epic poem goddess cried. “Pack it up. We have a second half of the performance to give!”

While Apollo apologized to the audience - mostly Zeus - for the delay, the muses came back together backstage. Calliope was still busy doing the full on potty dance. Polyhymnia was squirming slightly, but having gotten the initial pressure off, she wasn’t nearly as bad as Calliope. Thalia and Euterpe were right as rain! Both goddesses still had to pee, but having spent nearly ten minutes pissing a piece, they were doing much better and were fully confident that they could hold until the end of the concert. Terpsichore - just as she had hoped - got out a decent chunk of her bladder and would also be fine for the rest of the concert. The rest of the muses were one hundred percent voided and much happier and healthier. Urania had changed into a fresh toga she had gotten from her bedroom on Olympus via teleporting there.

“You could hardly see the wet stain since my togas are all black anyway,” Urania informed her sisters. “But it was all gross so I decided to change.”

“Good. That way they won’t smell the pee too,” Clio added.

“Sorry you wet yourself,” Erato said.

Urania shrugged. “Better than doing it on stage. Besides… It felt gooood!” Her sisters laughed. “But I kid you not girls, I spent eighteen minutes of intermission straight up pissing like never before.”

Her sisters gasped, muttering in shock. Eighteen minutes was rather long, even for an extremely full godly bladder. It wasn’t unheard of, but not super common either. It would be like if a mortal peed for five minutes. It can happen, but not super likely.

“For the gods’ sack, Urania,” Euterpe exclaimed. “Guess you really did have to go!”

“I still can’t believe I peed longer than Melopeme,” Erato stated. “I thought I had to go worse than I. But I was in that stall for several minutes more than she was in hers.”

“I had to piss!” Melopeme cried.

“Oh, and speaking of, I wrote a poem about the erotic feeling that comes with emptying a full bladder,” Erato mentioned. “Mind if I read it to you girls later?”

They all muttered happily in agreement.

“You wrote that on the toilet?” Thalia laughed, finding this - as well as most things - amusing.

“Sure did,” said the love poetry goddess proudly.

“Guys,” Calliope snapped, legs crossed. “Don’t mean to be a jerk, but remember… I haven’t peed at all! And I am trying not to think about it!”

“I hardly peed too,” Polyhymnia asserted.

Calliope huffed. “You were a straight waterfall for over three minutes, you’re fine!”

“That wasn’t nearly…”

Their argument was cut off as they heard Apollo call, “Once again, we have… THE NINE MUSES!”

Nine songs down and four left to go. The muses wondered if the crowd noticed they were a lot more energetic for the second half. Minus Calliope that is, who seemed much more frantic.

Calliope kept missing the high notes. She was too busy stumbling around to sing. Her mind was completely off her music and on the growing pain inside her pelvis. Her sisters did their best to hide this by forming a tighter ring around Calliope. Calliope feared the worst. She could barely think or sing. She may have to face a humiliating accident.

Song ten was down. Three left. Calliope could feel (whatever room remained inside her bladder) getting smaller and smaller with every passing moment. In panic, Calliope realized that her bladder was bulging far from her chest. She began to dread people asking her if she was pregnant afterwards. They probably wouldn’t because godly pregnancies are… Complicated.

Still, Calliope’s bladder was so large, it looked the size of a discus. And those things are massive! Her bladder was as hard as one too. In tehri tight circle, Calliope bumped into Urania and she almost screamed from the pain of the astronomy goddess pressing into her most sensitive of bladders.

Please bladder, just stay with me, Calliope begged silently. Only two more songs to go after this one. Please just hang on… But it was a losing battle. Assuming things ended happily, Calliope would have to write her urinary sphincter a poem after this, Cause today, it was a hero! Calliope doubted even Hercules could hold the weight of her bladder right now. Even Atlas would crumble at the sheer poundage she held onto. And his job was literally to hold the sky!

No longer thinking about it - as the epic poetry goddess had initially planned - was no longer an option. She was thinking about it! It was all she was thinking about! And that babbling stream in the distance was not helping! Nor was watching Poseidon make small waves from his trident as he swayed to the beat. And this movement certainly was not helping! Just the opposite in fact. Sure, dancing was mainly Terpschiore’s department, but all of the muses had to dance around to some extent. At the least, they had to bob up and down to their song. And with each step she took, Calliope was getting closer and closer to breaking.

Yet through all of this, Calliope didn’t do so much as squirt. But she felt it coming.

Song eleven ended. Two remained. Calliope doubted Zeus would allow them another bathroom break. Interestingly, Zeus was the first to suggest - rather threaten Apollo - into giving an intermission before. But that was to please Doris. The gods were big on guests. And this concert was in honor of Doris’ daughter who was getting married. Zeus only said yet to an intermission before to honor his guests. He would not allow one for Calliope’s needs.

Calliope was said to have the most beautiful voice in all of Greece. But with an excruciating full bladder, she sounded like a dying mule with allergies and was as graceful as one too.

As the twelfth song drew to a close, Polyhymnia’s bladder was also making its presence well known to her yet again. Thanks to those three moments of relief, Polyhymnia was able to ignore her bladder up until now. But now, the beast came back at her with full force. Polyhymnia followed in Calliope’s lead and began to stumble around as well. This was just perfect! Both of the two singers in the group looked as if they spent way too much time at Dionysus’ last shindig. Their sisters were forced to move in even tighter, now having to hide two desperate singers from the crowd’s gaze.

It felt like an eternity, the notes slowly passing by, but at long last, Calliope hit the final note. The crowd applauded.

Calliope could no longer stand it! She turned, hands grasping her goddesshood, and she bolted off stage. Seeing Calliope go, Polyhymnia decided it was safe for her to leave as well. So, she followed her sister off stage.

Calliope felt her hefty bladder jiggling as she hurtled off stage. Calliope could no longer move. It was on the brisk of escape. Calliope stopped, not caring who saw, yanked up her lapis colored toga and let loose. She didn’t even bother to squat.

A thick stream of piss shattered through the epic poetry goddess’ pussy lips. The stream broke apart upon exit and slid down her tall legs, connecting and intersecting like complex rivers as they feel to the floor. Calliope felt her toes get bathed in her bodily nectar before the piss made its final home in the grassy floor below her.

Polyhymnia, also having gotten tired of this, squatted down besides her sister, holding her crystal green toga firmly in both hands, bend her knees and aimed her vulva into the grass. Polyhymnia’s stream stormed past her labia and flew in a forty-five degree arch onto the earth behind the stage.

The goddesses hoped the earth mother, Gaia would forgive them. But this was an emergency!

The two sighed, relieved to finally unpack the discomfort that has been building inside for seven long days now. The rest of the muses gathered around to watch their sisters lose all control.

Now that she was a bit more calm, Calliope decided to try something she has always been curious about. She placed two fingers on either side of her vulva and pulled it upwards. The streams left Calliope’s legs (more or less) and Calliope aimed her pussy in front of her where her stream touched down into the soil.

Calliope smirked, wishing she did this an hour ago.

Apollo appeared. “Excellent show, ladies!” The sun god cried. “And no one is any wiser as to what happened here today.”

“Except Zeus,” Clio said.

“Right. Except Zeus.”

“And Doris,” added in Melopeme.

“And Doris.”

“And anyone Zeus and or Doris told,” Terpsichore put in.

Apollo hesitated. “I may have to do damage control,” he decided. “Take care ladies! Great performance!” And Apollo waved goodbye to his friends and returned to the adoring crowd.

“The girls and I are gonna head back to Olympus,” Terpsichore said. “After all, Thalia, Euterpe, and I still have some left in the tanks if you know what I mean.”

“I do,” panted Calliope. “See you there… Oh, and PS… I win!”

The muses muttered in confusion, glancing at one another to see if anyone understood Calliope’s last remark.

“I win,” the epic poem goddess repeated. “Our holding contest. I won. I was the last to pee.”

“What, no! I was the last to pee,” Polyhymnia hissed.

Calliope gave her sister a rueful look. “Sorry, sis, but no… You peed quite a bit before. While we were waiting, right before intermission ended.”

“Only for three minutes,” the sacred song and poem goddess argued back.

“Right, but you drained enough to allow you to carry on for an additional hour,” Calliope pointed out. “I didn’t let out a single squirt since this whole thing started!”

No one looked happy about it, they had to accept defeat and announce Calliope as the winner. It was strange. The muses had forgotten all about their silly contest. But now, the other eight were sad to have lost.

“I do have to hand it to you though, Calliope,” said Clio. “I have no idea how you managed to hold it the entire concert without even squirting! Even for an immortal, that is tough!”

“I told you girls,” Calliope winked. “I have the best voice and the best bladder!”
