A card based omo contest

Author: UnDefined_404

*000*2019-05-17 06:27

Megan was at home on the weekend. Finally on her 2-day break from high school, Megan was happily playing some Minecraft when her friend Amy called. Megan picked up the phone, saying “Hello”

Amy: Hi. Are you free tomorrow?

Megan: Yeah, why?

Amy: Me and some other kids from our holding group came up with a game, you wanna come?

Megan: Sure

Amy: Ok, it’s tomorrow at 11:00 am, see ya

Amy hung up the phone. About a year ago, Megan discovered that her friends are into holding and omorashi. So, they formed a holding group, and have been doing holding contents and things like that since. Megan then went about her day, wondering what this game is.

The next day, Megan woke up, ready for the day. She got dressed, ate, and then left to Amy’s house at 10:55

When Megan arrived at 11:00, her holding group consisting of herself, Amy, Olivia, Charlotte, and Emma. They all said hi, and then went upstairs to Amy’s room

Amy’s room had a bed, a mini-sofa, a desk, some shelves, a TV, and in the middle, a deck of cards and lots of bottles of water.

“Here we are!” Amy said “Now we can start!”

Megan said to the girls “How does this work?”

Emma said “Well first, you have to empty your bladder”, pointing at the bathroom.

So Megan went to the bathroom, peed, then came out.

”I’m ready” Megan said

Oliva said “Well, the goal is to be the last one without wetting” Amy said “Duh!”, causing the girls to giggle

”Well, there will be rounds, each split by 15 minutes.” Oliva said “In each round, we’ll all take turns drawing cards”. Then, Charlotte explained what they do:

2: Drink 100 ml of water

3: Drink 150 ml of water

4: Drink 200 ml of water

5: Someone else will push on your bladder for 3 sec

6: Someone will push on your bladder for 6 sec

7: Someone will push on your bladder for 9 sec

8: Let out a 1 sec spurt

9: Let out a 1 sec spurt and drink 75 ml

10: Let out a 1 sec spurt and drink 150 ml

Jack: Remove a piece of clothing of your choice

Queen: Remove a piece of clothing of the next person’s choice

King: Chose 4, 7, or 10.

Ace: Draw 2 more cards, only applying the numbers, then putting them back

”So the numbers negatively effect you” Charlotte said “But the suites let you negativity impact someone else:

Clubs: Force someone else to drink 200 ml

Spades: Force someone else to be in a position you chose until they are targeted by another spade or until it’s the next turn off the attacker (Can go back to normal during breaks, but must go back in position at the start of the next round)

Hearts: Force someone else to remove a piece of clothing of their choice

Diamonds: Force someone else to draw a card, and only apply the number. Then, put it back in the deck

Charlotte said “And you you wet, you lose. You can also lose by spurting 3 times, unless it’s caused by a card. Each person will draw 1 card each round. Got it?” Megan respond with “Yep”

Emma then said “Also each of us will start by drinking 500 ml” After all the girls drank the water, Megan said “Let’s start!”

(Each of the girls were wearing a t- shirt, a bra, a skirt, shorts, and panties)

Round one:

Emma started by drawing a 4 of clubs. She drank her water, and made Megan also drink, while Megan said “Damn, already being attacked”

Next, Megan drew a jack of diamonds, taking off her shirt and throwing onto the bed. She chose to target Emma, for revenge. Emma drew a 5 of clubs, and Megan came and pushed on her bladder or 3 sec, but nothing really happened.

Then, Amy drew a queen of clubs. She said “Damnit” as Charlotte chose Amy’s shorts to remove. So, Amy forced Charlotte to drink.

Next, Charlotte drew a 2 of hearts. She drank, while choosing Amy for her attack (Amy removing her skirt)

Finally, Oliva drew a 5 of spades. She took the water, but decided to pass her attack.

The round was over. Emma committed “I don’t really feel anything so far...” After 15 min, the next round started

(Emma: 3/10. Megan: 3/10, All others: 2/10)

Round 2:

First, Emma drew a 9 of hearts. She closed her eyes and constrated, and after a full minute, Emma said “I did it”, then drank, targeting Megan (Which Megan took off her skirt)

Next, Megan drew a 3 of hearts, drinking the water, then targeted Emma (Who removes her skirt)

Then, Amy drew a 6 of diamonds. Emma pushes on Amy’s bladder, but nothing happened. She targeted Charlotte, who drew a 5 of spades, and drank

Next, Charlotte drew a queen of spades. Oliva chose to remove Charlotte’s shorts which she took off, then made Oliva get in a squatting position

Finally, Oliva drew a 4 of hearts, drank, and targeted Charlotte, who removed her shirt

The round was over, and all the girls could agree that they felt a slight need to pee, but Charlotte said “Right now, I feel like a 4/10”

(Emma: 4/10, Megan: 4/10, Charlotte: 4/10, all else: 3/10

Round 3:

Emma drew a 10 of spades. The girls looked at Emma, and saw the wet spot on her shorts increasing for 1 sec, then she drank, and made Charlotte spread her legs

Megan drew a 7 of hearts. Emma can over and pushed on her bladder. Near the end of the 9 sec, a dark spot appeared appeared on Megan’s shorts, with Emma shrieking “Megan leaked!”. Megan then targeted Charlotte, who removed her skirt

Amy then drew a jack of clubs. She removed her shirt, and made Charlotte drink.

Next, Charlotte drew a king of diamonds. She chose to drink, and then made Amy draw, who got a 2 of diamonds

Lastly, Oliva drew a ace of hearts. She then got a 3 and a 2, drinking, then targeted Charlotte, making her remove her bra

The round was over. Charlotte was kind of squirming, but everyone else looked fine. Also, Emma couldn’t help staring at Charlotte’s breasts

(Charlotte: 6/10, Oliva: 5/10, Emma: 5/10, all else: 4/10)

Round 4:

Emma drew a king of clubs. She first let out a spurt, drank, and then made Megan drink. Also, Charlotte went back to just sitting

Then, Megan drew a 2 of spades. She drank, then made Emma spread her legs

Next, Amy drew an ace of clubs. She drew a 4 and 7, letting out a spurt into her panties, drank, and make Charlotte drink

Charlotte drew a jack of diamonds, removing her panties, then made Amy draw a 3, having her drink.

Finally, Oliva drew a 10 of clubs, making Amy drink, letting out the 1 sec spurt, and drank.

The round was over. Charlotte said, trying to cover her self said “It looks like I’m the first completely nude...”. Also, Charlotte and Amy were both trying to hold their groin, to stop pee, but Charlotte let out a leak

(Megan: 6/10 (1 leak), Charlotte: 7.5/10 (1 leak), Amy: 7/10, all else: 5/10)

Round 5:

Emma drew a 5 of diamonds. Megan pushed on Emma’s bladder, and Emma’s squirm intensified. Also, she made Oliva draw, which she got a 3, and drank

Megan drew a 3 of spades. While she was drinking, she saw Emma rubbing her pussy, looking at Charlotte, which gave Megan a idea. She said to Emma “Since you seem so into Charlotte’s naked self, why don’t you locate your fingers by Charlotte’s pussy?” This caused both Emma and Charlotte to blush, and Amy said “Well the rules do say that with a spade, she can put you anywhere”. So Emma went up to Charlotte, and started fingering her, which caused Charlotte to moan and leak

Next, Amy drew a 6 of spades, and Oliva pushed on Amy’s bladder. Amy all of a sudden tensed up, moaned, and let out a spurt. Amy also made Charlotte spread her legs

Charlotte drew a 6 of hearts. She targeted Oliva, taking off Oliva’s shirt. Then, Oliva went to Charlotte, and pushed on her bladder. At this moment, Emma went for the kill, plunging her fingers deep into Charlotte, causing Charlotte to scream in organism, peeing all over Emma’s hand. “Charlotte is out!” Emma declared.

Oliva drew a 3 of clubs. She drank the water, and made Megan drink

The round was over. All the remaining girls were are squirming, holding themselves, and jumping, very desperate to pee except for Emma.

Also, Amy had a visible bladder bulge.

(Megan: 7/10 (1 leak), Amy: 8/10 (1 leak), Oliva: 7/10, Emma: 6/10

Round 6:

Emma drew a 6 of hearts. Megan pushed on Emma’s bladder, making her squirm even more. Emma also made Amy take off her bra

Megan drew a 9 of hearts. She tried to let out a spurt, but came out longer than expected. “No no no!” Megan said, as she pressed her pussy on the sofa to try to stop the flow, but she couldn’t, and peed all over the couch, eliminating her. And for her attack, she chose Amy, forcing her to take off her panties

Amy drew the king of clubs. She chose to drink, and made Emma drink

Oliva drew a 7 of spades. Emma pushed on Oliva’s bladder, causing her to tense up, and leak, making a dark spot in her shorts

The round was over. Oliva said “I somehow haven’t lost any clothes yet” Amy, in a attempt to hold her pee, she presses her pussy on the edge of the sofa. But, the friction on her pussy and the warm ness of Megan’s pee, causes her to moan. Amy then starts to grind her pussy against the wet and warm sofa. Charlotte then comes up to Amy and says “Need some help” Amy nods, and Charlotte starts grinding her pussy against Amy’s, causing them both to cum. A few minutes later, Charlotte pees, still while grinding her pussy against Amy’s, causing Amy to cum again. When the next round starts, when Amy gets up from the sofa, she starts peeing and can’t stop, so she goes back to the sofa, laying on her back, the stream of pee going up, and cascading back onto her for multiple minutes before stopping.

Also, both the remaining girls had visible bladder bulges.

(Emma: 9/10, Oliva: 8/10 (1 spurt))

Round 7:

Emma draws a 7 of hearts. Oliva goes to Emma to push her bladder, which causes Emma to leak for a few seconds, but she used her fingers to physically hold her uritha closed. Also, Oliva took off her bra.

Oliva drew a 8 of clubs. When she tried spitting, she couldn’t stop the flow, soaking her clothes and making a large puddle around her.

After she was done, Megan said “Congrats, Emma, you won!” Emma said “Thanks... But... I can’t hold it shut... for much longer...”, holding her uritha shut with her fingers. Then, Megan said “What if we measured your pee” Emma responded with “Sure”

The girls then got some bottles, Emma took of her shorts and panties, and peed in the bottles. When she was done, she filled 5 1/2 200ml bottle

After Emma measured her pee, the girls cleaned up their mess, got their clothes back on, said bye and parted ways

