Haunting of the Bladders

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-05 04:06

Spoiler

Duke and Paulo are two good looking guys who happen to be best friends. Unfortunately for them, their good looks attracted the attention of a spirit. A spirit long sincere dead who has a desire for good looking guys! But this ghost, her name is Hannah, in life, she had a secret fetish… Male desperation. She loved to watch men wiggle and squirm for the toilet. So now, in death, Hannah uses her powers to hold guys prisoner and make them beg for the toilet.

Warning! Scenes are not too graphic, however, there is talk of inappropriate body parts. And obviously, there is urine involved. There is also some swearing, masturbation, and (very little) talk of suicide. If any of those things make you uncomfortable, please leave. Remember, YOU are the one choosing to read this! Enjoy!

Spoiler

Duke and Paulo sat on a bed, overlooking the ocean. The window had bars on it. The room was completely empty. Just a bed, a mostly empty bookshelf, and an old sink. Dude and Paulo were going nuts having to stare at these same eggshell colored walls. Other than the tacky wallpaper, they were also uncomfortable for another reason. Minus being kidnapped of course, neither boy was liking the full feeling down inside their bladder.

Suddenly, a wisp of light came into the room. The light passed through the solid oak door and materialized into a figure. The figure was see through, but she was clearly very good looking once upon a time. She had long silvery hair and a nice curvy body. She wore nothing but a bra and underwear.

The boys knew that to her, they were also very attractive, hence why she kidnapped them. Duke had a rugged chin bone, scourging blue eyes, and dimples. He had a round head and black hair. He was tall, very tall and had muscled arms. Pualo was also handsome with his clenched jawline and double chin and his long brown hair which he kept into a stylish man bun. Paulo also had a neat beard that added an extra element of character to his face.

“Hello, gentlemen.” Hannan smiled.

“Hey, Hannah,” Paulo grunted.

“Hi, Hannah.” Duke grumbled.

“Aw, why are my guys so sad?” Hannah asked, using a frowny face as she asked the obvious question.

“Take a guess.” Paulo said.

“You kidnapped us!” Duke wailed.

“I sorry,” Hannah made an extra frowny face. “But a ghost gets lonely all by herself. Can you imagine? My soul is trapped in the same tower where I died. I can never leave. I am all alone.”

“Look, Duke and I live only half an hour from here in town.” Paulo said.

“Oh, you gents are far from home, huh?” Hannah licked her transparent lips.

“Yeah.” Paulo said. “Anyway, we live close by. We can be friends, okay, but you can’t kidnap us.”

“I am afraid you boys misunderstand.” Hannah smiled. She floated around the room. The boys noticed that she didn’t have any feet. Only wisps of where her feet would be. “I don’t want to be your… ‘friend’.” Hannah made air quotes. She sat her transparent butt down on the windowsill and crossed her legs. “No, no, no,” the ghost giggled. “I want to be your lover!” She stroked her long legs, attempting to draw attention to them.

Duke leapt to his feet. “Absolutely not!” The young man cried. “I have a girlfriend!”

“Sure you do!” Hannah laughed. “Me!”

“No, I meant a living girlfriend!” Duke snapped.

“Sit!” Hannah ordered. She waved her hand through the air and pointed her finger to the floor. As soon as she did, Duke found himself forced against Hannah’s ghostly powers to sit back down on the bed beside Paulo.

Paulo uncomfortably crossed his legs.

Hannah turned to him, having taken note of this small movement. “How about you, Paulo? How are you?” Hannah asked.

“Fine.”

“Yeah? You have a girlfriend too?”

“No, but I have a two-year-old daughter that stays with me.” Paulo said.

“Ah.” Hannah tilted her head back now. “Where is she now?”

“At home being babysat by my mom.” Paulo replied.

“What happened to the wife?” Hannah wondered.

“We got a divorce.” Paulo said.

Hannah made her sad face. “Sorry to hear that. Btw, how old are you gents again?”

“Twenty-three.” Duke said.

“Twenty-four.” Paulo said.

“Oh, well no worries.” Hannah said. “I like younger guys. Of course, I am dead. Finding a younger guy is not hard. Just have to look at the mortal world.”

“Enough games, ghost!” Duke stood up again. “Let us go!”

“Oh,” Hannah made that sad face again. “But I get such few visitors. Please, stay.” She did the finger trick again, forcing Duke to sit once more. “I am being a bad hostess.” Hannah said. “Would you gents like anything to eat, drink?” She leaned forward and smiled. “How about some water!”

Paulo began to get a sneaking suspicion that Hannah knew what was going on with them. Until now, Paulo had hoped Hannah had just trapped them, which of course, wasn’t ideal. But at least they could ask for a bathroom (which Paulo was getting closer and closer to doing). But on that last word, he began to suspect that Hannah was up to something.

Paulo and Duke exchanged looks. Joyful at their expressions of confusion, Hannah giggled a little high pitched giggle. She hugged her knees, then flew back into the air. She hovered a few feet above the boys.

“I want to show you guys something.” Hannah said. “Do you know why it rains?”

Paulo really wished they could talk about anything else!

“Yeah, condensation.” Duke said.

Hannah shook her ghostly head. “That is what they tell you in school.” She said. “It is easier to explain, I suppose. But no, wrong. Us ghosts control the weather. Whenever it rains, you boys can think of me. Watch.” Hannah snapped her fingers together sharply. There was a boom of thunder, then, storm clouds rolled in and millions and millions of pellets of water rained down right outside the iron bars of the window. “Pretty cool, huh?” Hannah continued to float in the air. She had her legs raised in the air and kept one leg crossed over the other. She crossed her arms and smiled, looking really proud of herself.

“Yeah…” Paulo said, doing his very best to hid his squirming. “Real cool.”

Duke snuck a grab of his crotch.

“What’s the matter?” Hannah the ghost giggled. “Why are you boys so fidgety? It’s almost like you…” her voice trailed off. “Oh… I see.” Hannah nodded. She looked like she was finally grasping the situation fully.

This might be a mistake, but it was now or never. Now was the best time to ask.

“Hey, Hannah.” Paulo said, crossing his legs tight. “If you are keeping us trapped here, umm, well… do you have any bathrooms?”

Hannah floated down so she was eye level with the guys. “Bathroom? Bathroom, bathroom…” Hannah tapped her lip. “I have been dead for a while, you guys. You are going to have to refresh my memory. What exactly is a ‘bathroom’?”

“Stop this nonsense!” Duke rose again. “You know very well what we are talking about! We need a bathroom! Do you have one, yes or no?”

Hannah wiggled her finger. Duke sat again. “Man, you don’t get tired of that, do you?” Hannah asked. She faced Paulo. “I’m sorry, but seriously, remind me what a bathroom is.” She glanced back at Duke. “I might remember.”

The boys exchanged looks. They nervously looked back at the ghost.

Keeping his hands tucked in between his crossed legs, Paulo began, “A bathroom is a place us humans use to take baths and showers…” Speaking of the bathroom was not helping his urge.

Hannah nodded. “What else takes place in a ‘bathroom’, I wonder?”

“Umm… well… we, uh, we also use the bathroom to clean our hands in the sink.” Paulo said.

“Okay. Anything else that can help jog my memory?” Hannah wondered. “I feel like you are forgetting something, my guy. I just can’t for the death of me put my finger on it…” she tapped her lip again.

“Umm… we, we, uh, well, we…” Paulo stammered.

“Yes?” Hannah raised an eyebrow.

“We also use the bathroom to… relieve ourselves.” Paulo said.

“Relive yourselves how?” Hannah asked.

“Pee, pee, we pee in the toilet which is located in the bathroom!” Duke snapped. “We poop too! Remember now?”

“The bathroom,” Hannah tapped her finger to her chin as if she was doing difficult mental math. “The bathroom, the bathroom… ah, yes!” Hannah snapped her fingers and looked up at the boys. She nodded, triumphantly. “The bathroom.”

“You remember?” Paulo cried.

“How could I forget the bathroom?” Hannah smiled. She then giggled that high pitch giggle.

“Do you have one?” Duke demanded.

“Why, yes, I believe I do.” Hannah said. “Second floor of the tower, first room.”

“May we please use it?” Paulo asked, beginning to lose his patience.

“Um… no, no I am afraid you cannot.” Hannah placed her hands behind her back and continued floating around the room.

Unlike his friend, Duke’s patience was already gone. Duke stood again. “Stop playing games, ghost! You know what we need! Let us use it!”

Hannah smiled. She wiggled her finger, making Duke sit again. “That is a great idea, Duke!” Hannah wailed. “Let’s play a game!”

“What? No,” Duke began. “I didn’t mean….”

“I do apologize, boys.” Hannah kept her back to them. She floated in front of the windows, watching the rainfall. “It is just that… I know I am dead, but in life, I got super turned on by watching guys desperate to pee.”

“Really?” Paulo asked. “Why? I mean, I’m not shaming you, or anything. Just curious.”

“I don’t know.” Hannah shrugged her transparent shoulders. “Your guess is as good as mine. I know it is gross and I am disgusting. But it turned me on. I just loved watching cute guys wiggle and squirm… just knowing an accident was on the horizon! I may be dead, so I no longer have sexual pleasure… or any pleasure for that matter. But trust me, if I was still alive, I would be stroking my clit hard right now! Anyway, ghosts are able to turn invisible so no one sees us. But, as you no doubt know, ghosts are trapped on this plane of existence. We can only move on if we accomplish everything we wanted to do in life. I want to show you boys something else.” Hannah turned back to the boys and waved her arms. The rain drops flew in through the window. They began to swirl together and form images.

Paulo and Duke suddenly saw an imagine of a young girl. She looked just like Hannah. She lay in a bed. She wore the exact same bra and panties she had on now. The girl was wiggling. But Paulo and Duke could tell that she wasn’t uncomfortable. She was excited. She was eager for something to happen.

The door creaked open. A young man stepped in. He was handsome, real handsome. He smiled at Hannah and she smiled back.

“Who is that?” Paulo asked.

“My boyfriend.” Hannah said. The image froze as if it was paused on a TV screen. “Jonothan.” Hannah explained. “This scene took place in this very tower. It was my father’s tower. You see, boys, my mother died young. My father remarried. But my stepmom knew that my father preferred me to her. To make matters worse, my father refused to have children with her. He said he had me. And that was all he needed. Me and my father were best friends. I looked out for my daddy. If my stepmom hurt him in any way, if she did anything I didn’t like, I told my dad and he listened to me and got angry with her. My stepmom knew that as long as I was around, she would never get her way with my father. So, she devised a plan to get rid of me. She made me a piece offering. A cherry pie and some pumpkin juice, my favorite.

I refused at first. But she told me that she wanted to be friends. She said that she knew I was dating Jonothan. And she knew my father didn’t allow us to be alone together. So, she said she could take my father on a long date so I could have one-on-one time with Johnny! We could do sexual stuff. I agreed. Realizing she might not be so bad, I ate the pie and drank the juice. My biggest two mistakes. Accepting her offering of food and accepting her offering of a night with my boyfriend. My stepmom took my dad on a date and Johnny came over to the tower. He knew of my fetish for male desperation, see, so he made himself desperate. I had a game in mind for us. I was so excited. See, how I wiggle and squirm. I may not have to pee, no. But I am overly anxious for my boyfriend who does! Now watch.” Hannah snapped her fingers and the image began playing again.

As Hannah narrated her story, the image before the men changed. They saw a wedding between a man and a woman. Young Hannah stood next to the man. They then saw young Hannah yelling at the woman with her father looking depressed in the background. They saw the woman offer Hannah a cheery pie and a glass of pumpkin juice. Then the image changed back to the scene in the bedroom with the handsome man stepping out of the bathroom and Hannah laying in the bed. The image resumed playing.

The young man, Johnny, lay down on the bed besides Hannah. “Ready?” he asked.

“Yeah…” Living Hannah giggled. “You have to pee don’t you?”

“I sure do!” Johnny promised.

“Oh, I love your little bladder bump.” Hannah ran a gentle hand over Johnny’s swollen bladder. “You have to go real bad, huh baby?”

“I sure do.” Johnny grabbed his crotch. In response, Hannah grabbed her clit and began playing. “So, what is this game anyway?” Johnny asked. “You weren’t very specific earlier.”

Hannah opened her mouth to respond. But suddenly, the young girl gripped her stomach and winced in absolute pain. She tumbled off the bed. Johnny leapt to his fete and knelt down besides her.

“Hannah! Hannah! Baby, baby what’s wrong?” Johnny shook the young girl, but it was clear to Paulo and Duke watching this image all these years later… that Hannah was already dead.

Hannah cupped her hands. The image raced into her hands and vanished from sight. “After that, my father was so distraught that I was gone, he hung himself.” Hannah went on. “I hoped to see him if the afterlife, but sadly, his journey came to an end. He moved on to the true afterlife. Life after limbo, I mean. My stepmom got away with it. She killed both of us and got off. I hated that bitch from the beginning!”

“What about Johnny?” Paulo asked. “Where is he?”

Hannah hung her head. “He married and now has a beautiful family and twin girls.” If ghosts could cry, it sounded like Hannah was about to. “I can’t be angry though.” Hannah went on. “I died. I didn’t want Johnny to mourn me forever anyway. I just wish we could have finished our game.”

Paulo and Duke exchanged looks.

“Is that the game you wanted us to play?” Paulo asked.

Hannah was silent a moment before responding. “I know it is nuts.” Hannah said. “But you boys put together looked a lot like Johnny. Didn’t you see? He had your dark hair, Duke. And he often wore it in a bun, just like Paulo. He also had Paulo’s facial structure and Duke’s dimples."

“You didn’t kidnap us just because we are good looking, did you?” Paulo realized. “We remind you of your old boyfriend. The two of us put together look like him… right?”

Hannah nodded sadly. The boys exchanged looks once again. They slowly realized what was going on. Hannah believed that if she played the game with them that she never got to play with Johnny, she could pass on. ‘We can only move on if we accomplish everything we wanted to do in life.’ Hannah had said. She also said, ‘I just wish we could have finished our game.’

“Okay, Hannah,” Paulo sighed. “What’s the game?”

“What?” Duke wailed. “She kidnapped us!”

“She is lonely! She’s lived a sad life!” Paulo protested.

“So has half of America!” Duke shouted. “She still kidnapped us! Let her suffer!”

“Duke!” Paulo snapped.

The boys locked eyes. They had a silent conversion with one another and came to an agreement. They finally looked back at Hannah.

“I know we will regret this.” Duke grunted, shifting his legs. “But, Hannah…”

Paulo continued, asking, “What’s your game?”

End of Part One!!!

*001*2022-12-05 04:15

“Thank you, thank you, such fine young gentlemen, helping out a ghostly lady in need!” Hannah exclaimed.

“Yeah, yeah, just hurry before we burst.” Duke grunted, squeezing his legs close to his chest.

“I don’t know,” Hannah smiled, twirling her hair on her finger. “I would rather enjoy watching you boys burst with pee!”

“Hannah,” Paulo said, seriousness in his voice.

“Sorry,” Hannah dropped her hair. “Okay, the game is simple. I am in charge of you boys, of your bladders! I tell you when, where, and how you can pee. Simple enough. I also tell you boys what to do. Like, if I say drink, you drink. If I say, press your bladder, press your bladder. If I say, admire the pretty rain, you admire the pretty rain. Understand?”

“Yeah, I guess.” Duke grunted. “And if we do this, you’ll move on?”

“That is my theory, yes.” Hannah replied.

“Question,” one hand in his crotch, Paulo raised his hand.

“Humh?” Hannah asked, turning to him.

“What happens if we can’t hold it?” Paulo asked. “Like, we try, but we don’t make it?”

“That’s okay,” Hannah said, waving her hand aside. “Accidents happen. And truth be told, I would rather enjoy watching you handsome young gentlemen piss your pants.” She giggled her high pitched giggle.

“Okay… so now what?” Paulo squirmed.

“Now…” Hannah smiled. She snapped her fingers together. Two bottles of water materialized before them, floating in the air, one in front of each man. “You drink.” Hannah ordered. The two men reluctantly took the bottles of water out of the air, uncapped them, and poured them down their mouths. “Good boys.” Hannah giggled. “Drink up. Very good boys! Listening already!” Hannah jumped up and down in the air, excitement flowing through her.

After Paulo and Duke finished their water, Hannah snapped again and made them each drink a second. She then did the same thing again.

After being forced to drink three bottles of water on already very uncomfortable bladders, Paulo and Duke were doing extra squirming. Duke had his feet up on the bed. He pressed his knees close to his chest. Paulo kept uncomfortably crossing and uncrossing his legs. He occasionally had to grab his crotch and squeeze.

“Oh, you poor boys.” Hannah made her famous frowny face. “So full and so uncomfortable. How bad do you boys need to pee? Come on, tell me! Scale one to ten, how bad is the urge?”

Hannah’s face was so filled with excitement and wonder. Strangely enough, Paulo found that making this lonely ghost happy was worth the pain in her bladder. Even if she did kidnap him, Paulo was glad to make her so happy.

Duke on the other hand was not amused. He knew his girlfriend would not approve of him holding his pee for another woman. Granted, Duke didn’t do that for her either. Neither one of them had this strange fetish. But still, this was supposed to be a sexual thing. Duke did not like the idea of doing anything sexual with any one but his girlfriend. Especially this demonic ghost!

“It… it’s getting real bad, Hannah.” Paulo admitted, bringing his knees to his chest like Duke. “I’m at an eight, I think.”

Hannah’s eyes lit up. “Eight! Really?” She cried. “Oh, you gotta go, huh, Paulo? And you, Duke? How full is Duke’s bladder, I wonder!”

“I’m fine.” Duke squirmed, wiggling his legs.

“Come on, tell us, how full is that bladder of yours?” Hannah asked sweetly.

“Fine, a seven!” Duke snapped.

“Ah, so right behind your buddy.” Hannah giggled. “Well, if you boys are good, maybe I’ll let you use a bathroom soon! In the meantime, watch what I can do!” Hannah snapped her figures. A large waterfall materialized in front of the boys. The water ran down out of thin air and vanished before hitting the floor. The waterfall gave off a powerful roaring sound. Duke and Paulo sat on their bed, grasping themselves, holding on as best they could. But that water… Oh that water!

“And hey,” Hannah said. “Check this out!” She snapped again. The waterfall vanished. It was replaced by tiny, yet powerful geysers erupting from the floor. Bits of the floor cracked and broke off, giving way to dozens of small geysers. The geysers couldn’t be wider than a dime, but shot ten feet into the air and gave off another powerful roaring noise, nonetheless. Paulo and Duke watched, unable to break their eyes away from the miniature geyser field that Hannah created for them to witness.

“No, not impressed?” Hannah asked. “Does this do the trick for you?” Hannah snapped again. The geysers vanished. The broken floor repaired itself. Floating a couple feet in the air, appeared an image of a large dam. The dam stood several feet tall. It was nearly as tall as the ceiling. Suddenly, a crack grew and spread over the surface of the dam. A few drips of water spilled out. When the cracks grew big enough, a few squirts of water shot out here and there. Finally, the cracks spread so far that the entire dam broke and gave way. A tidal wave of water flooded the flood in front of them. Watching all that water flow everywhere made Paulo and Duke’s bladders groan and moan in agony.

Finally, growing sick of this, Hannah snapped her figures and the dam vanished. Hannah opened her ghostly mouth to speak, but before she could, Duke jumped in.

“Please, please no more water!” Duke wailed. Duke was now squeezing his genitalia with both hands through his pants. He was shaking. Hannah saw a tear in his eye. She grinned.

“What’s that, Duke? You want to drink more?” Hannah giggled. “Whatever you boys want.” Hannah snapped and a lone bottle of water appeared before Duke.

“Why doesn’t Paulo have to drink more?” Duke demanded. Paulo silently cursed his friend fro trying to drag him down with him.

“Don’t fret, Duke, I have a task for him as well.” Hannah promised.

“Well… what if I refuse?” Duke snapped.

“Then you break the game rules, I am trapped forever on these mortal planes, you boys will be trapped with me forever, and I’ll be real sad!” Hannah used a finger to trace her cheek to represent a tear. “And I know you wouldn’t want any of that to happen! Would you, Duke?”

Grumbling and cursing, Duke snatched up the water bottle and began downing it. Just from watching the water move down the bottle into Duke’s throat, Paulo felt his own bladder twitch. He was sure happy he wasn’t Duke right now! But what did Hannah mean by she had a task for him.

Hannah floated up to Paulo. “Now, Paulo,” she said. “While your friend does that, I have something I need you to do!”

“What’s that?” Paulo asked, horrified to know the answer.

Hannah snapped her fingers. An object appeared on the bed beside Paulo. It looked like a black belt, but strapped to the middle section was a tennis ball. “It’s my tennis ball belt!” Hannah cried. “Put it on! Oh, and make sure the tennis ball is right on your bladder.” Hannah smiled, showing her teeth as she patted her own stomach. Laughing, she flew off.

Paulo examined the foreign object on the bed. He glanced back up at the ghost. “You’re kidding, right?” Paulo asked, hopeful.

“Wow,” Duke smiled. “Suddenly, drinking another bottle of water doesn’t sound so bad.” Duke gently shook the nearly empty bottle of water as he said it. He had his knees pressed together and kept his legs wrapped tight in a pretzel. Duke went back to chugging the water.

Paulo miserably picked up the belt and tied it around his waist. He made sure to place the tennis ball on his bladder. Justin having that added pressure around his waist and even more pressure directly on his bladder made Paulo certain he was going to leak a little. But he somehow managed to keep the flood gates closed.

Hannah floated back up high into the air, giggling. “Insteed of one boy to tease, I now get two!” Hannah squealed with joy. “This is the best day ever!”

“Yeah, what now?” Duke set down his empty water bottle and rubbed his bladder. All that water he drank was already beginning to settle in his urinary bladder.

“We have three rounds.” Hannah said. “I give you a couple challenges a piece. And btw, the three bottles of water at the beginning didn’t count. That was just to warm up your bladders! But the good news is, if you boys pass my challenges successfully, I’ll let you pee a little. ” She pinched her fingers close together and pursed her lips. “Just a little.” Hannah dropped her hand to her side and smiled widely. “Sound fair?”

The boys grumbled. Paulo adjusted his tennis ball belt. Duke kicked away one of the empty water bottles at his feet.

“Music to my ears!” Hannah wailed. “Okay, you both passed the first half of this challenge! Now, challenge two! Duke, we can’t let Paulo have all the fun? Now can we?” Hannah snapped. A counter appeared before them. It appeared to look just like any ordinary kitchen counter. “Press your bladder against it.” Hannah exclaimed.

“Yeah, should have seen that coming.” Duke groaned. “Alright,” Duke stood. Keeping a hand in his groin and shuffling his feet as he walked, Duke knelt down beside the counter. He carefully ramed his bladder up against the polished marble.

“And Paulo,” Hannah said. “Your challenge is to catch up to Duke! I want you to drink, but I can sense you are a strong boy. We’ll give you a bit more. Well, actually you get less to drink, but a different… more powerful substance!” Before Paulo could ask what she meant, Hannah went on, “Tell me, Paulo… do you like coffee?”

Paulo froze up. Coffee always made him have to pee like crazy. He could not drink coffee right now! “Umm… no.” Paulo said. “I don’t like coffee! Sorry!”

Hannah tilted her head to the side, allowing her silvery-white hair to fall in a curtain around her. “Are you lying?” The ghost asked.

“Umm… yeah.” Paulo sighed.

Hannah snapped. A Starbucks coffee appeared floating in front of Paulo.

“It is a small.” Hannah said. “You are welcome! But coffee is still a diuretic. And for some of us, it makes us,” Hannah rose her legs to her chest and squeezed them tightly. Hannah used her ghostly powers to create fake beads of sweat which flew off on her forehead. Shaking her whole ghostly form, Hannah cried, “Gotta go, gotta go!” Hannah laughed, mocking the boys.

Paulo silently wondered if Hannah knew that coffee made him pee more than most people. Hannah is a ghost, Paulo wouldn’t doubt it if she was reading his thoughts right now. Paulo reluctantly began sipping his coffee.

“Nah, nah, take a big gulp!” Hannah cried. “Finish it all down!”

Paulo did as told. Once Paulo finished his whole coffee, Hannah said, “Good boys. Very good boys! Following all my rules! Okay, time for a break. You boys earned it! Paulo, you are free to take that tennis ball belt off… For now anyway. Duke, you may stop your counter torment.”

Duke quickly pulled away from the counter. He felt like all that pressure from pushing a heavy bladder full of urine into that solid surface would make it burst. Paulo was doing no better. As he desperately threw off his belt and grabbed himself, he felt the pressure of his bladder grow and grow as if he was holding back all the world’s oceans inside his body. And compressing them with a belt or tennis ball only made it that much worse.

“Congratulations! And now you boys can get a little relief!” Hannah cried. “But first, bladder check. How full are we? Same scale, one to ten.”

“Eight.” Duke said.

“Nine,” Paulo said, crossing his legs in a pretzel, just like he had seen Duke do earlier.

“Very good.” Hannah clapped her hands together. She then snapped and twin bedpans appeared next to the men.

“Bedpans?” Paulo cried.

“I thought we got an actual toilet!” Duke wailed.

“Just be happy I’m letting you boys pee at all.” Hannah pointed out. “And not even in your pants. You get the bedpans! Honestly, you gentlemen should be thanking me! Be lucky I am so generous. Be warned, boys, next round, I may not be. Now, these bedpans are mostly to discourage you boys from peeing too much. Now, as said before, if you have a little accident and cannot stop the flow, that is okay. But try your best for me. And remember, I am a ghost. I shall know if you are lying to me!”

Well, there went Duke’s idea of lying to Hannah. Duke had planned to pee everything out and tell Hannah he couldn’t hold back. Looks like Hannah was reading his mind now too.

“Now, whip ‘em out and pee!” Hannah cried.

“With… with you watching us?” Paulo demanded.

“No worries, I’ll close my eyes. I promise!” Hannah said, placing a hand on her heart. With her other hand, Hannah held up her second hand beside her and took extra care to cross her ghostly fingers.

“We can see you crossing your fingers!” Duke cried.

“Like you guys didn’t know I was lying to begin with!” Hannah pointed out. “Of course I will look! Sorry boys, that is the way things work around here. But, if you boys don’t want to… we can always pass on this and move on to round two.”

“No, no, we’ll do it!” Paulo cried.

Duke honestly wanted to skip this. He knew when he peed a little, it would be near impossible to stop the rest. Even if he did a two second stream, he would not be able to hold the rest in the rest of the game. But he knew Paulo really wanted to get some pressure off. Duke was afraid if he refused this, Hannah wouldn’t allow Paulo to do it either. Duke honestly thought it would be better for both of them if they restrained from letting any out until this dumb game was over! But he knew Paulo would disagree.

Anxious about Hannah watching them, both boys unzipped their pants. It felt great just getting that tiny pressure off.

As they were getting ready, they heard Hannah whistling above them. “Nice penises!” Hannah cried. “I’m not sure whose I like more. Paulo’s has more girth, but Duke’s is longer…”

“Be quiet, please.” Duke snapped.

“Oh, you shy?” Hannah giggled. “Sorry, I know guys like silence when they pee. I’ll be quiet now.”

Paulo held his bedpan up close to him while Duke left his on the bed and angled his penis at it. Both boys began spraying. A urine stream splashed down into the steel bowl of each bedpan. It felt heavenly! Duke and Paulo both felt their urine levels deceased. Their bladders themselves breathed out a collective sigh of relief.

“And, stop!” Hannah wailed.

Duke grunted, shutting off his lovely stream. Paulo’s stream was more forceful. Paulo took a moment before getting it back under control. Paulo quickly shoved his penis back in his pants to avoid any more coming out. Paulo felt a drip of urine fall from his pee hole into his underwear. His bladder hurt twice as much as it did before. He shouldn’t have peed at all! Now all his body wanted to do was let some more out.

“Good boys, listening to me!” Hannah cried. “Congratulations! You boys made it to round two!”

At least this first round was over. But the worst part of it was now, Duke and Paulo had to stare down at their bedpans and observe the tiny golden puddles against the metal. They watched the yellow swirl around, knowing full well, they may have let out a puddle a piece… but inside, they each still had an ocean.

End of Part Two!!!

“You boys are doing so well! I am impressed!” Hannah cried.

“Just give us the next challenge!” Duke snapped, moving his legs up and down from his chest to the floor.

“A couple little boys desperately need a wee wee, huh?” Hannah laughed. “Okay, round two. First challenge. Duke,” Hannah snapped. A large bowl appeared. Swirling around in the bowl was boiling water. The water inside was so hot, that steam came out the top of the water’s surface. Hannah fanned the bowl. Using her ghostly magic, Hannah commanded the steam to stop and the water to cool. “Sorry, fresh off the stove.” Hannah giggled. “But not to worry. I cooled it down some. Enough so you won’t burn yourself. But it is still warm enough, mind you that it will taunt your poor bladder. Stick your hands in it.”

“WHAT!” Duke wailed.

“Oh, does hot water make Dukey want to pee pee?” Hannah giggled. “Put your hands in the water, Duke. Let’s put it this way… Don’t, and you’ll never get to a bathroom!”

“Oh…” Duke groaned. He hugged himself tight. He reluctantly stuck a hand in the water. Just feeling the hot water made the urine inside Duke’s bladder swirl just like the water in the bowl.

“I’ll bet you want to pee.” Hannah whispered in Duke’s ear. “You have to pee? It’s okay, no need to be embarrassed. We all do it! Well, not me, I’m dead!” Hannah floated over to Paulo. “As for you, Paulo, I can tell you are still more desperate than your friend. Argo, I’ll let you off with an easy task.” Hannah snapped her fingers. A toilet appeared before them. It was the most beautiful sight either man has ever seen. “Stand in front of it.” Hannah ordered. “But no peeing.”

“What, no that’s impossible!” Paulo shouted. “I can’t stand there and not…”

“Do it, chop, chop.” Hannah clapped.

Paulo miserably got to his feet. He had to keep his knees together and hands pressed against his crotch. He waddled until he stood in front of the toilet bowl. The toilet was gleaming as if it had just been cleaned. The sky blue toilet water was smiling up at Paulo, ready for his stream. Staring down at the bowl, Paulo suddenly felt all that coffee e drank really hit his bladder. He had to go worse than ever. The pressure was so intense that he just couldn’t move his hands from his crotch.

“Go.” Hannah said.

Paulo unzipped and pulled his penis out.

“You pee with the seat down? Okay…” Hannah muttered.

Paulo had hopped in leaving the toilet seat down, it might discourage him from peeing. But he knew what Hannah was truly asking, rather telling him to do. Paulo lifted up the seat and held his penis. Paulo breathed heavily. He kept having to hop from foot to foot. It was his only way to keep it in. This was supposed to be an easy task? Paulo felt his bladder begin to cave. He knew some urine slipped out of his sphincter and was in his urethra now. The urine inside was thankfully trapped. Nothing came out. But it wanted to. It took Paulo every last ounce of willpower to keep all that golden liquid locked up tight inside his pee pouch.

Duke was having no better luck at having to stick his hands in water. The hot water ran over his fingers, making his skin itch. Duke’s sphincter began to relax. He quickly had to tense it up again. Beats of sweat made their way down Duke’s face like rainwater on a window. Why did he think of that! Duke felt a rain dew sized drop of urine well up on the tip of his penis. He felt it drip down and wet into his briefs.

This was not made any better by Hannah who insisted on teasing them the entire time. Hannah wrapped a ghostly arm around Paulo (tried to at least, her hand passed straight through him). “You wanna pee, Paulo?” Hannah snickered. “Just think about letting it all go into that beautiful porcelain bowl! Let that yellow stream fly! Relieve your poor bladder of all the pressure.” Hannah soared over to Duke. “And how about you, Duke?” Hannah teased. “Your hands in that bowl, wanting nothing more than to let out some squirts! That hot water reminds you of all the steamy hot liquid inside your full, full bladder. You wanna let it out, huh? I know you do.” Hannah floated to the middle of the room and began speaking to both men at the same time. “How looooooooooong do you boys think your bladders can last?” Hannah asked. “I’ll bet you boys are craving a nice! Long! Well deserved! PEE!”

The moments felt like hours as Duke held his hands in steaming water and Paulo stood in front of a toilet bowl. “Good boys!” Hannah cried at last. “You may stop now.”

Duke yanked his hands out of the hot water. Paulo quickly stuck his penis back in his pants, zipped, and rushed back over to the bed, not even wanting to see that toilet again.

“Now,” Hannah said. “For your last challenge of round two, you gentlemen get the same challenge! Fun, right?” The boys groaned. “Music to my ears!” Hannah giggled. “You boys have to sit perfectly still. That’s right. No potty dancing! Sit still and relax. Do that, and I will let you have an extra long squirt! Fail and well… you’ll see. Sit still, legs spread, no hands…”

“Legs spread too!” Paulo shouted.

“Of course!” Hannah replied. “What did you think I meant by no potty dancing?”

“I thought we could at least sit with our legs together.” Paulo grumbled under his breath.

“Oh, you thought wrong.” Hannah made a pouty face. The men stared up at her. Their eyes were filled with both pain and hate. Their bladders were painful right now and they both hated Hannah. Hannah laughed out loud at their expressions. “Do it, boys, do it!” Hannah shouted.

Miserable and hateful towards their ghost tormentor, the two men sat perfectly still. They kept their hands to their side and their legs spread. Duke and Paulo both closed their eyes and bounced their legs up and down. They each kept trying to grab their crotch before remembering they were unallowed to. It was so painful to keep their hands to the side and not grab on. They weren't even allowed to ease the pressure and sit with their knees together. Duke felt waves crash against his bladder's walls. Paulo felt cracks running along his bladder as it got ready to burst like a dam.

Suddenly, Paulo felt a warm sensation in his pants. He opened his eyes and to his horror, he saw a wet patch slowly form on the front of his jeans. Paulo abandoned sitting still. He quickly pulled his legs together and grasped his penis. He held, squeezed, shuffled it around, nothing helped. He managed to stop the flow, but it took a lot of energy. Paulo just wanted to pee and then nap. He was so tired from this. That coffee was aggravating his bladder beyond belief! Paulo felt another squirt come out. His wet patch turned darker for a moment. The wet patch spread a few centimeters before stopping again. Paulo still had tidal waves locked inside. But his wet patch was now the size of a baseball.

“I leaked…” Paulo whimpered in a heavy whisper. His voice went so high that it sounded feminine for a moment. “I leaked…” Paulo repeated.

“You leaked?” Duke looked up.

“I leaked!” Paulo whispered.

Hannah floated in the air on her stomach. She kicked her feet behind her and rested her head on her arms. She looked like a five-year-old watching TV. “Wow…” Hannah mused. “That is soooo hot! I swear, if I could still feel my clit, I’d be fingering it nonstop right now!” Hannah floated back into an upright position. “Okay, that is enough.” She said.

“Oh, thank god!” Duke quickly brought his legs back together and squeezed them until the circulation in his legs was completely cut off.

Paulo kept holding his now soaked crotch. His pants were so wet. It was as if they were tempting him to pee even more. ‘I am already wet,’ Paulo’s pants were saying. ‘What is the harm in wetting me some more? You know you can’t last…’

Hannah clapped her transparent hands together. “Okay, bladder check!” Hannah called. “How we doin’, boys?”

“Nine…” Duke moaned.

“Nine and three quarters.” Paulo whimpered.

“Oh,” Hannah made a sad face. “Well, I know what’s gonna cheer you boys up!” Hannah said with her ghostly smile. “Well, not you, Paulo. I’m sorry, but the rules clearly state that if you leak, you are unallowed to have relief.”

“No, they don’t!” Duke snapped. “You never said that!”

“I didn’t tell you guys?” Hannah shrugged. “Must have slipped my mind.”

“You can’t just make up rules!” Duke shouted.

“I am the game master here, I can do whatever the fuck I want.” Hannah replied. “Anyway, Paulo, you leaked on that last challenge. So no more pee pees for you! Sorry,” Hannah traced a finger down her cheek again. Another fake tear. “Duke, as for you, my dear,” Hannah said. “I was too generous last time with the bedpans. This time, just piss yourself. Five seconds, a quick piss in the pants, let’s go! You don’t want Paulo to have all the fun of pissing himself, do we?” Hannah let out her high pitched girly giggle.

“Is it okay if I don’t?” Duke asked. Duke may have peed in the bedpan last time. But not only was he determined to keep his pants completely dry, but he also knew the more he peed, the more he would want to let the rest out.

“Sorry, but I tell you what to do, remember.” Hannah said. “It is not optional. FYI, I was just bidding around last time about taking the bedpans away. I was still gonna make you piss in ‘em! Like I’m making you piss your pants right now.”

“Why are you such a bitch?” Duke asked.

Hannah laughed. “I am no bitch! You two are my bitches! Jeez, Duke, you are very argumentative today.”

Duke rolled his eyes. “Maybe because you kidnapped us and…”

“You still on that?” Hannah demanded.

“Still on that?!? You kidnapped us!” Duke wailed.

“Just pee your pants!” Paulo shouted. Paulo was at the point he just wanted this stupid game to end. Hannah would be free and the men could use the bathroom (hopefully). “Dude, as soon as she is free, you and I are free!” Paulo pointed out.

“He makes a good case.” Hannah agreed.

“Fine! I’ll do it!” Duke rose to his feet. Taking a deep breath, Duke lowered his hands to his sides. He then relaxed his muscles and felt his stream slowly inch out. Soon, Duke was making a hot stream in his pants. He felt it roll down his legs, soaking his pant legs as well as his butt. Duke slowly counted in his head. Even peeing his pants felt good at this point! Due wanted to prolong the moment as much as he could. Unfortunately for him, Hannah was also counting along out loud. When Hannah got to five, Duke was forced to shut off the stream. Duke’s bladder was so pressurized at this point, that it hurt to stop the flow. But he did. Duke sat down. He noticed a small puddle on the floor where he had been a moment ago. Hannah noticed too.

“Man, if I wasn’t already dead, I would lick that shit up.” Hannah said. Hannah’s hand flew down to her panties where she began fingering herself.

“I thought you said you can no longer feel your clitoris.” Duke said.

Hannah looked up. “Huh? Oh, I can’t. Force of habit I suppose!” Hannah pulled her hand away. “Congrats, boys!” Hannah said. “You beat round two! Onto the third and final, also the hardest, round.

End of Part Three!!!

*002*2022-12-05 04:25

Hannah’s form began to glow bright blue. A bright light cut through the ceiling like a swiss army knife through cheese. A blue spotlight was on Hannah. The ghost began to rise right and right off the ground. But this time, it was against her will.

Hannah examined her arms. She smiled down at the boys. “I am going to the great beyond.” She announced. “Thank you, thank you, thank you Paulo! And you Duke… Thanks to you two, I can see my father again! And when Johnny dies, I can see him too! Thank you both sooo much! I did enjoy our game! And now… I am free! Oh, and I almost forgot.” Hannah snapped her fingers together.

At this point, Paulo and Duke expected only bad things to happen when Hannah snapped her fingers. But now, things all happened at once. All of them good. The iron bars vanished from the windows. Every door in the tower swung wide open. And Paulo’s pants became dry again. Even his faint urine smell faded. It was as if he never had an accident at all.

Hannah phased through the ceiling.

“Come on!” Paulo called to Duke.

The two men rushed out of the bedroom chamber, charged down the long steps to the tower, and sprinted outside to the open field by the tower. Hannah’s rain had stopped now. The light blue sky was sunny once more. Looking up, they saw Hannah’s figure still climbing higher into the clouds.

“One last thing to thank you both,” Hannah called. She had to cup her hands over her mouth to shout down to them. “I used the last bit of my ghostly magic to make both of your bladders limitless! You both may now hold as much liquid as you like and it doesn’t affect you!”

“Wow… thanks!” Duke called, waving goodbye.

“Wait, the last of your magic?” Paulo shouted. “Meaning, you don’t have any more?”

“Yep! But I won’t need it where I’m going!” Hannah promised. “Thank you boys, thank you so much! Duke, your girlfriend is lucky to have you! As is your daughter, Paulo. Give them both a kiss for me. Goodbye, goodbye!” Hannah vanished as did the blue lights.

Paulo and Duke waved goodbye. They then smiled at one another, turned, and began walking home.

“As nuts as she was, I think she was actually kind of sweet.” Paulo said.

“She did kidnap us.” Duke reminded him.

“Well, yeah… but she needed help getting to the afterlife.” Paulo reminded his friend.

“And a simple, ‘hey, anyone want to help a ghost in need’, wouldn’t have worked.” Duke pointed out.

“Whatever. I am just glad that is over with!” Paulo cried.

“Me too! So, what do we do now?” Duke asked.

“Don’t know about you,” Paulo grinned. “But I’m going to test the untestable limits of my new ultra bladder Hannah gave me.”

Duke smiled. “The pub in town is still open. If you want a real challenge that is.”

“Next, maybe we can hit the coffee shop.” Paulo laughed.

So, Duke and Paulo raced into town to refill their new bladders that would never get full. Not a bad gift for all this trouble Hannah put them through. If they knew she would give them limitless bladders, they would have helped her from the start!

End of Part Five!!!

Hope you enjoyed!

PS, sorry the story got merged. I wrote it all out first before posting so you wouldn't have to wait so long. I also split it into five parts so you don't have to read it all at once if you don't want. Again, hope you enjoyed, please let me know what you think!

