Role Playing Pee: King and Servant

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-25 04:37

Hey! I wrote yet another story. I hope people actually enjoy reading these. I enjoy writing them regardless! By warned: This story does contain sexual situations as well as nudity. So if you are uncomfortable with either of those things, please turn away.

This story is kind of long, but it all goes off of one role playing concept. There are many page breaks though. I might turn this into a series for anyone that is interested! Enjoy!

“Are you sure you want to do this?” Mike asked.

Jane lay flat on her back on her and Mike’s white mattress. The sheets had been stripped and holes in the old mattress exposed. Jane had her arms held out above her and her legs tightly crossed under her. Jane felt all the water she drank shift around inside her bladder with each breath she took.

“Yes!” Jane wailed. “I want to do this! You will love it and I will love that you are loving it! Now let’s do this!”

“Okay,” Mike reluctantly finished chaining his girlfriend’s arms to the headboard of the bed. “I have to say, you are the best,” Mike said, putting his fluffy crimson colored robe on. The robe has a white fury trim and printed into the fluff was pitch black spades. “I mean, most girlfriends would mock their boyfriend and find them disgusting for being into omo.”

“Well, I’m not most girlfriends!” Jane exclaimed.

The truth was, no matter how excited Mike was, Jane was positive that she was ten times more excited for this than he. Excitement radiated through Jane’s body like a current of electricity through an outlet. Ever since she heard about her boyfriend’s sexual fetish, Jane has been super excited to try all of this stuff with him. She thought that it was awesome that he has such an insane sexual fetish. It made Mike weird (in a good way) and unique. And that’s what Jane liked most about Mike. He stood out from other guys. And Jane stood out from other girls too. Jane couldn’t wait to try this any more than she couldn’t wait for her bladder to burst!

“But… Don’t you think this is kind of weird?’ Mike placed a large crowd over his batch of brown curls. The crown was large and made to look like it was made of gold. It had plastic rubies and diamonds inside and was shaped like a crown you would see a medieval king wear.

“I’m into role playing, and you are into omo,” Jane said. “This is perfect! Now we better get started,” Jane crossed her legs tighter and moaned in her sexiest way possible, “I have to pee!” Jane shifted her butt around. Jane lay entirely naked and she had a bunch of old towels bunched up underneath her backside in case she wet.

Watching Jane wiggle her bum and listening to her vulgar comments - vulgar to him anyway - Mike instantly felt his penis stiffen in his pants. “Okay,” he said. “But remember the safe word…”

“Yoga,” Jane replied. “Got it!”

“And please remember, sweetie,” Mike went on. “If at any point you feel unwell…”

“I know, I know, I’ll just pee,” Jane grunted with an eyeroll.

“Tell me so I can get you out,” Mike said.

“I know, I know,” Jane said, slightly annoyed with her boyfriend’s overly cautious nature. “Now let’s do this thing!”

“Okay,” Mike grinned. “Let the game begin.”

Jane lay in the dark bedroom - which they were pretending was a dungeon - with her arms chained to the bed. Jane could feel the fullness of her bladder inside her abdomen. The pressure was weighing down on top of her poor sphincter. But Jane used sheer will - as well as her legs - to keep that sucker closed! Having her arms chained down, Jane could only hold with her legs. It was torture not being able to simply grasp her aching crotch, her poor quivering lips, her dying pee hole, Jane could not hold with her hands. She could only cross her legs.

Finally, after over an hour of suffering the bedroom door - they pretended it was a jail cell door - opened up. Mike - the king of these lands - stepped inside.

“Hello, prisoner,” the King said with distaste.

“My King,” the prisoner squeaked.

“How do you like it down here?’ The King inquired

“I don’t,” the prisoner shook her head. “Please my King, let me leave… Please…”

The King pursed his lips. “Do you remember why you are down here?” The prisoner held her head. “I do,” the King said. “You used to be my servant girl. You would cater to my every whim. I trusted you dearly.”

“I know,” the prisoner interrupted. “But my King…”

“And then,” the King said forcefully, as a way to make it clear to her that he was yet to finish his words. “One night,” the King said. “I went to a banquet. I had so much water and wine to drink. I was soon bursting for a chamber pot. I came rushing up the steps only to find my beloved chamber pot - the very thing I needed most at that moment - missing.”

“Yes, but it was full!” The prisoner cried. “You would not have been able to use it anyway! I was dumping it out for my King! That is a part of my duty as your servant after all.”

The King slowly lowered his hand and began running it up his prisoner’s thigh. “I was in desperate need to relieve myself. To tend to my bodily needs, if you will. But I could not. No Chamber pot meant I could not alleviate myself. I held and I held. But it was no use. I was forced to eliminate my liquid waste all over the stone floor of my chambers. And it is your fault.”

“My… My King…”

“You should have emptied that blasted chamber pot early in the day as instructed!” The King snarled. “But oh, no! You decided to wait until the moment I, your King, was in need of it most. You are a disgrace to these lands and to your king you vial servant girl!”

The prisoner - once a servant girl - trembled with both fear and a growing need of her own.

“What in God’s sake is the matter with you, girl?” The King spat. “Why are you so twitchy? It is as if you too have need of…” The King’s voice trailed and his lips curled at the ends.

“M… My King…” The prisoner managed.

The King went back to caressing the thigh of his lovely servant girl. “You also have a need to eliminate waste product now, don’t you, my servant girl?”

The prisoner swallowed. “No, my King.”

“Do not lie to me, girl,” the King hissed. “I have left you down here for many hours. It is only natural that your body craves relief. Not to mention all you have placed down your gullet. Two large barrels and a third after being brought down here. That is a lot of water for one servant girl to ingest. I must admit, however, I am pleased with your bladder’s captivity and your efforts to hold out. That is a lot of water and a long time to wait.”

“My King, I do not have bodily need,” the prisoner insisted.

“I told you not to lie to me, girl,” the King snapped. “You have severe bodily need and you know it! I see the movements you are making. The fidgeting and the crossing of the legs. One does not make these movements unless they have dire need of a chamber pot! I shall not ask again, girl… Do you have need?”

The prisoner was silent for a moment. She then responded with a sigh. “Yes, my King,” the prisoner admitted. “I have need.”

The King chuckled. “I knew it. Why did you lie, girl? Why not admit to your King your need?”

“I was embarrassed,” the prisoner stated. “Furthermore, you are hierarchy. You do not wish to know of the needs of your servants nor your prisoners like I.”

“True, true,” the King agreed. “Most kings would slaughter servants for having the nerve to mention their bodily need in their presence! I, however, am an understanding king. I also must admit, I am quite enjoying this turn of events. I had great need too, only a few short hours ago. And now, my servant finds need. What a turn of events indeed! And just like my servant would not let me eliminate waste,” the King moved on from the prisoner’s thigh and began gently cupping her naked breast. “I shall not let you eliminate waste either!”

The prisoner’s eyes shrank with fear. “My… My King… I did not mean to keep you from your need… Honest… I simply wished to…”

“Enough!” The King held up a hand. He ran his hand through the prisoner’s black mop of hair. “I was unable to eliminate waste, now you are! Fais is fair, an eye for an eye… Wouldn’t you agree?”

The prisoner gulped once more. “I suppose, my King,” she uttered.

“Good servant girl,” the King said. “And who knows, if I am impressed with your performance, I may even reconsider my punishment to execute you. Are you ready to show your king how your bladder may hold?”

“Yes, my King.”

“Do you believe yourself to have a bladder of steel?”

“Yes, my king.”

“Well, after all that water and all that waiting, I believe your proposal to be true. But I warn you, girl, even steel has its breaking points,” the King warned. “And tonight, we shall discover yours!”

The King held a goblet filled with red wine. A green bendy straw stuck from the glass like a periscope from a submarine. The prisoner slowly drank down the glass of wine via her lime colored straw. The goblet was soon found to be empty of all liquid.

“Good, prisoner girl,” the King ran his hand through her pitch colored hair again. There was a tear in her eye at having to add extra fluid to her already bursting bladder. This was the third cup the King forced his prisoner to drink. The first two had been water, now she had a goblet of wine. “We don’t want you getting too drunk,” the King said. “Drunk women do idiotic things! We do, however, want you to fill your bladder beyond belief. You want to get your need to be so strong, that you involuntarily lose all willpower to keep back the flood. We wish to get you to a point where you spill your liquids all over and your gate may no longer remain closed. However, in an attempt to prove to you, my servant girl, that I am not all bad… Should you manage to contain your waters for another two hours, I shall grant you permission to access a chamber pot.”

“TWO HOURS!” The prisoner bellowed. Her only response to this uproar was her king smiling down at her. “Oh, my King,” the prisoner moaned, crossing her legs as tightly as possible. Her whole body trembled and sweat. “That is a long time to wait…”

The King ran his hand over his prisoner’s bladder area. “I believe you had claimed to possess a bladder made of steel?”

“I do… But you said so yourself, my King, even steel may break.”

“But it takes a lot of force to so much as puncture steel, let alone break it,” the King insisted. “You may last. For how long is the question. Now, I have kingly needs to attend to. I shall be back within the hour. If you need your king, or feel you cannot wait, send this messenger to him.” The King passed the prisoner a cell phone - which represented the messenger.

The prisoner accepted this offer and took it in one of her chained arms. “Thank you, my King,” the prisoner said politely.

“I shall be back,” the King opened the cell door. “Before that bladder of yours pops.” With that, the King left his prisoner all alone in her cell.

This roleplaying game was turning out to be even more fun than Jane had imagined it would be! The best part was, this was all improv. The story Jane and her boyfriend were making was all made up on the spot. This game was so interactive and just amazing! Jane could feel her clitoris begin to throb. With this super sexy game going on around her, Jane’s clit badly wanted attention.

Jane held her cell phone in her fist. She knew her boyfriend wouldn’t have gone far. Jane wouldn’t doubt it if he was right outside the door. Jane loved him very much, but Mike had a tendency to always stress out about everything… Especially involving her safety! And while she was grateful for his caring nature, it would have been far sexier for Jane to know that Mike was truly gone. Sure, she had her phone in case an emergency came up, but other than that, Jane would have no way to call him to let her out. It would make this whole roleplaying adventure seem much more real! Jane just prayed that he was enjoying this as much as she was.

Jane lay there and felt the added water and wine she drank slowly make its way through her kidneys, down the ureters, and into the bladder. Jane had started off with a full bladder. But aftering waiting the first hout for Mike to come in, and drinking extra liquid, Jane’s bladder already felt ready to explode. While it was true, Jane had a strong bladder, she would not necessarily call it ‘steel’. Perhaps above average at best. Jane highly doubted she could last another two long hours. But she sure would try!

Jane had to put herself in the correct mindset! She wasn't a girl playing a game with her boyfriend any more… She was now a servant girl who failed her King, making it so he could not pee when he so desperately needed to. As punishment, she was sentenced to prison and she may yet be executed. Her only way out was to please her King and hold her pee as long as humanly possible. She had to hold until she either exploded all over or until her King allowed her relief into a chamber pot.

Jane was now from the middle ages! She was an unnamed servant girl who was now a prisoner. Jane tried to imagine the walls as stone bricks, the door having bars, chains and torches hanging from the walls. She even pictured a skeleton in the corner. Jane imagined herself lying on a flat stone bed with these chains cutting painfully into her circulation - Mike made sure the chains were not uncomfortable, but Jane knew a real King would not be so kind. Jane imagined as hard as she could. She told herself that she was truely trapped here and an angry king had left this dungeon for now. She tried to place herself into this predicament and pretend as if all the safety precautions she and Mike had set up were not real.

This bed was stone, the chains were painful, the phone was a messenger… Jane had to truly believe this!

An hour passed and the cell door opened again. The King stepped inside the darkly lit room. The King was scowling, his eyes burning with rage, but his lips twisted in a sinister smile.

“How is the bladder doing?” The King asked, his expensive shoes clattered off the stone floor as he made his way around the bed, meeting the desperate prisoner’s eyes.

The prisoner let out a howl. She pulled, tugging at her chains, wrestling her whole body around. The chains clambered against the stone. The prisoner's howl was loud enough to signal an army of wild wolves. The prisoner panted, sweat dripping from her face. The King just watched, amused, until his prisoner’s fit slowly calmed down and came to a stop.

“My poor, poor, servant girl,” the King grinned. “How is the bodily need?”

“Bad, real bad, my King!” The servant girl raised her twisted legs and then let them fall to the cracked stone. “I must relieve myself soon!” The servant girl insisted. “Please, have mercy, my King! Have mercy on my bladder!” The servant girl released another howl.

“Poor thing,” the King just smirked. “All of that extra liquid must be making your need extra bad, I’ll bet?”

“Yes, my King,” the prisoner sobbed.

“You still have an hour,” the King said. “After that, I may give you relief if you wish. Provided you behave yourself, that is.”

“Yes, my King…”

The King sat on the stone beside the prisoner’s under arm. He began running both hands over her abdomen. “Your bladder is so extended. I’ll bet all of my riches that a massive flood is being contained within your bladder walls. Am I correct to assume you have a lot of built up liquid waste inside?”

The prisoner nodded weakly. “Yes, my King…”

The King continued running his hands all over his ex-servant girl’s large stomach. “I would bet that your sphincter must be growing weaker and weaker as the sun dial ticks on. The weight of your bladder must be ready to smash your sphincter to pieces and all of that water and wine you hold shall be released onto the stone under your naked buttocks.”

“Yes, my King…”

“I held need similar to yours only a few hours before now,” the King went on. “I could feel my bladder tighten as it withheld an ocean, a hot sea of piss! I needed so desperate to alleviate my need into a chamber pot. Any chamber pot would have done. But when I went to reach for one, none could be found. And now, my lovely servant girl, you hold similar need. You hold within a lovely lake of urine, a swamp of liquid waste, all set to be released at the ready. But you must hold for your King. Hold like you made your King hold for you, not too long ago. Keep holding, my servant girl. Keep holding…”

The King spent the next half an hour contently running his hands across his prisoner’s bulging our bladder. Every now and then, his hands would stray from her bladder to cup or even go as far as to squeeze her naked breasts. The King ran his hands over her thighs and commanded her to lift up so he may feel her backside as well. When the King had his fill, he stood.

“M… My King?” The servant girl questioned. The servant girl watched as her King made his way across the stone chamber and reached the corner of the dark room. There, he bent over, allowing his robe to fly upward behind him, and he lifted up a large white bowl with a handle and lid. It was the very chamber pot that the prisoner’s bladder currently begged for. The prisoner had been so spent up in her own misery that she had not noticed this object here until now. Just as well. Due to these accursed chains, she would not have been able to reach her relief anyway.

“My King…” The prisoner stumbled to form her sentence. “What are you…”

The King lifted the lid to the chamber pot. He then reached down and pulled his slim penis from his robes.

“My King…” The once mighty servant stammered. “Please do not…”

“Oh, the audacity!” The King bellowed. “It is not bad enough you keep the King from his chamber pot once, but you have the nerve to do so again? I should execute you now for being such a disobedient, stubborn brat!”

“N… No, my King, please don’t!” The servant managed. “I simply… Well… I…”

“Spit it out, girl!” The King barked. “My bladder is not getting any emptier over here!”

The servant had to press her legs together tightly now. She felt them ready to break off. Her sphincter was strained and her bladder ached. “It is just, my King, if you alleviate your needs, the sound may make me feel the urge to as well.” The servant explained. “I am greatly sorry for telling you not to alleviate your bodily needs. You may do so, of course. I simply ask that you do so elsewhere so I mustn’t hear the noise of your steady stream.”

The King squinted his eyes. “Is that all? I am the King! I shall relieve myself wherever I see fit! And I command you to hold back your waters! If you should leak, you shall be executed! Do I make myself clear?”

“I… Umm…”

“SPEAK GIRL!”

“Yes, my King.”

“Good,” the King held the chamber pot below his member and instantly, a stream erupted from the tip and began filling the large saucer bowl. The noise - just as the servant girl feared - was heavy and intense. The sound of PRUUUUSSH off of the metal pot filled the chambers and the servant’s bladder shook. The servant felt all her strength go into keeping back the flood. She had heard the King’s words, and she feared them. She knew she could not leak, or she would be sentenced to death. So, the servant crossed her throbbing legs and did her hardest to tune out the sound of the King’s kingly relief.

The King did not make it easy, for he insisted on groaning and sighing in bliss. The servant, meanwhile, felt her bladder ready to rupture at the very thought of liquid. The water and wine inside her tensed up bladder muscle sloshed around as if it was a whirlpool ready to drown the nearest ship.

Finally, the King’s stream stopped. The King took care to shake off his manhood, allowing the final drops of urine to fall into the pot. The servant made the mistake of looking, and she saw as the King’s final drops hit the yellow surface and made the entire golden lake tremble with ripples.

The King retucked his penis and sighed in bliss. “I feel better,” he sighed. “But I imagine my servant is not?”

“No, my King,” the servant girl admitted.

The King held up the chamber pot, holding it at an angle where the servant girl got a proper look, even from her chained up position on the stone bed. “Did this bother you, my servant?” The King asked.

The servant just nodded and the King smiled.

“Watch as my liquids roll about inside the pot,” the King turned the chamber pot around and around. The servant was forced to watch as the yellow liquid moved about in the large bowl. How she wanted to look away! But she feared punishment if she did. “Now,” the King reheld his pot of piss in the proper way. “Seeing as I cannot trust you with the simplest of tasks, nor do I have any intention of releasing you from your suffering, I shall be back after I have emptied the pot. How I wish you could watch me pour its contents away!” The King titled the pot ever so slightly, and the servant’s bladder shuttered at watching the liquids tilt as well. “However, I again, refuse to allow you to move about,” The King said. “I shall be back. And if you remain a good little servant, in half an hour, you may have a proper piss as well. See you soon.” And with that, the King once again exited to empty the bowl of his bladder contents away.

Jane was overcome with joy! She was so happy that Mike was now taking this game as seriously as she was! Mike was now talking in such advanced, complex language, and he spoke as if he had the mind of a true sinister king mistreating a servant. Jane loved it! Her clit wanted to be rubbed just as badly as her bladder wanted to be emptied. And Jane knew that soon enough… Both of those things would happen!

The King returned with a now empty chamber pot. The King set the pot back to the floor and approached his captive.

“In twenty more moments, you may be relieved of all you hold,” the King said.

“Thank you, my King,” the prisoner sobbed tears of joy. But they were also tears of fear, for she knew she may not last as long as the King wished.

“That is still plenty of time, however, to torture your bladder,” the King insisted. The King resumed his position on the stone bed besides the prisoner’s freshly shaven armpit. “Twenty long more minutes of agony and suffering,” the King said. “I am not sure if you can last. I would be highly impressed if you did.”

“I… I think I can, my King,” the servant girl said.

The King’s glassy eyes widened. “You think you can? My, my servant girl, you are determined! Aren’t you?”

“Yes, my king,” the servant said.

“Remember, my servant,” the King continued caressing her legs and thighs. “There is no shame in losing your liquids. As long as you do so in a spectacular way! I either want you to hold and achieve use of the chamber pot or you may explode urine in a grand way. Either way, I shall be satisfied and your life shall be spared. However, if you leak or dare I say, lose control, and I am not pleased, you shall find yourself in the guillotine come first light. Do I make myself clear?”

“Yes, my king,” the servant said, secretly overjoyed by this clarification. Even should the servant not last another twenty long moments, her life may yet be spared. She would just have to find a way to lose control that would impress the King. But that was easier said than done. The servant had seen the many jesters that the King had thrown out of his door.

“Now,” the King said sharply, shaking a poor servant girl from her thoughts. “Time for some games of the mind. I take it that your bladder is extremely full and uncomfortable?”

“Yes, my King.”

“And I take it that the mention of liquids make you closer to losing all control?”

“Yes, my King.”

“Very well,” the King continued to rub his servant’s bare skin as he spoke his next words slowly, extending each syllable by a great deal. “Do not, I warn you,” the King said. “Think of the moat around our gates. The moat, did you know, is two hundred feet across and fifty feet deep, filled to the brim with wet water! Yes. My grandfather who founded these great lands had commanded a depth and width of this height to defend us from attacks and invasions. And seeing as how we have had none in the history of this kingdom, I would say all the painstaking hours spent filling that moat with gallons and gallons of wet, clear, liquid was well worth the efforts. Water has saved us and kept us safe. Water is us! Water is inside all of us…” The King admired his servant’s swollen tummy and he smirked. “Some more than others.”

“My King, not to be rude,” the desperate servant moaned. “But may we please not speak of water?”

“I apologize, my servant,” the King said. “I did not mean to fill you with discomfort. It is simply that water has always been a fascinating subject for me! Water is a powerful force. Water gives us life, after all. That is why we build many giant wheels to harness the power of the ever flowing rivers. The water wheels create power, you see. The giant wheels move when acted upon by the strong force of flowing water. The water wheels turn and generate power. This power allows us to hammer our iron, mill our grain, craft paper and cloth. Water does all this and more! Yet, for all the life water gives us, it also takes that same life away. In the event of a flood, water levels rise and the city is sieged with trillions of tons of water flowing in from all directions! You will see countless buildings, no matter how tall, sink below the rising waters.

The water levels will extend and rise far above the height that any mortal could ever climb and with them, they shall take down the creations we build. But water is not all bad. On the contrary, water is extraordinary! That is why we carry it around in countless barrels and our water jars we refer to as amphora. We fill these barrels and amphora to full and trot around with them, bringing water to our tables and our crops. 

We also will fill up heavy sacks with gallons upon gallons of water. We will sling these sacks - sloshing the whole time - around camels for desert exploration. Camels are a creature that has always had my full attention. These are creatures that drink very little water. I wonder how often they urinate? Probably not often, I’d wagger! I wonder, as well, what these majestic creatures are storing inside their humps? I could imagine it would be lots of water. Sloshing all around inside, keeping them cool in the desert sun! My, my, this sure has been an engaging lesson, hasn’t it my servant? Water, water, water all over! Water is impressive. Yes. It certainly is!”

The servant felt her bladder quake at each mention of that dreaded W word. The servant wished to yell at her King to stop this torture. But she knew that would only get her into trouble. So, she instead lie there as silent as a mouse, listening to the endless torture her King provided her along with his lesson on the waves.

The King’s hands began to circle around the prisoner’s areola. The prisoner instantly felt her nipples tingle with excitement as the nerves inside rocked with joy and anticipation. The servant may be held here against her will, but she did quite enjoy the fiddling her King was doing with her boobage. Unlike queens and princesses, servants are never raised to be young ladies. And even then, the servant imagined she would rather enjoy the King’s fingers against one of her most sensitive of areas no matter how she was brought up. Above being a servant or even a lady, the prisoner was a woman. And she quite enjoyed this powerful man strolling his fingers around this area.

The prisoner now wished to moan for yet another reason.

“I have been far too nice on you, thus far,” the ing scoffed. “Nearly three hours of waiting for a chamber pot and you still go strong! Even with all that water and wine banging against your insides!”

“I told you I have a strong bladder, my King,” the prisoner said, a bit more stobish than she intended.

“Be that as it may, we must give you some extra challenges!” The King went back to feeling his prisoner’s bladder bulge. “But first,” the royalty stated. “May we discuss the size of your bladder at this moment?” The servant wished to protest, ‘We may not!’ She did not wish to think of her growing need or her extreme discomfort any more. But she also knew she could not be rude to her King. So, she once again suffered in silence. “Your bladder has expanded beyond any bladder in my kingdom has ever dared!” The King exclaimed, dazzlement in his voice.

“Your bladder is nearly twice that of the largest melon the most skilled farmer has ever grown in my kingdom! And it is rock hard to the touch as well.” In an attempt to prove this last statement, the King held a finger and gently pressed it into the side of the mountain of skin that came off of the prisoner's chest. The prisoner felt her bladder tremble, her sphincter stumble to stay shut, but she kept on holding. “How can one servant contain so much water?” The King asked in surprise at this outcome. “I must admit, I expected you to unwillingly urinate hours ago! But your bladder never fails to impress me. I may wish to let you live from the sheer volume of your colossal bladder alone!”

The servant was overjoyed by this news. But she also knew the King’s words held true. Her bladder was twice that of a melon. It was as firm as the stone she laid upon. It was so large, that the servant had to lift herself to see beyond her swollen insides. And yet, somehow, against all the odds, she managed to keep her sphincter shut and kept on holding it all in.

“I’ll bet your need is rather great now,” the King said. “I’ll bet you cannot hold back your water for much longer?”

“No, my King,” the servant admitted.

“Very well,” the King said. “In ten more moments, you will have access to a chamber pot. Do you hardest to contain the flood until then. And if you should relieve yourself involuntarily, do so in an extraordinary way. It would be a shame to have to slaughter a servant with a bladder as impressive as yours.”

“Yes, my King.”

The King lightly placed the palm of his hand over the servant’s navel, where he noticed the bump was largest. The King added his second hand above the first. He lifted his fingers off of the hardened surface of the servant’s bladder so only his palms remained firmly pressed down upon it. The King then pushed. He pushed and pushed, not acting gentle, not acting kind in the slightest fashion. He pushed with full force, using both palms - hands stacked upon each other - he pushed with all of his kingly strength and then…

This was simply too much pressure for a poor servant’s bladder, as extraordinary as it was. The servant’s lady bits sprung a leak. And a massive leak it was! An entire river of bright yellow liquid came rushing from in between the servant’s large labia. The leak wet the stone, splatting against the surface of the stone. The liquid gushed forth from the lady’s lips and rolled down in rivers until it began to leak over the edge of the stone bed.

With much difficulty, the prisoner managed to shut down her stream for the servant knew it was not time to alleviate her needs. Even after having stopped such an intense flood, golden liquid pooled around the servant’s buttocks and seeped over the edge of the stone.

“Very impressive, my servant,” the King smiled. “I quite enjoyed that! As soon as I pushed down on your aching bladder, you squirted a rather long, large squirt. Very impressive indeed my servant! I may allow you to live after all!”

The servant smiled at this news. It was nearly over, she could feel relief so close. The relief of knowing she would live! The relief of being released from this place! But most importantly… The relief of finally emptying the water and wine from her bladder.

“So close,” the King said. “But we still have well over five minutes. I wonder if you can last, or should your flood be impressive? For your sake, I hope it is one of the two.”

The minutes passed by and the King spent them poking and prodigy his servant’s swollen bladder. But sadly for the King, the time came for his servant to take her much needed relief. While the King may have been sorry to say goodbye to his servant’s melon sized bladder, he was a man of his word.

The King placed the Chamber pot upon the bed, placing it so it stood under the servant’s legs at an upright angle. “You may use it now.”

“Thank God!” The servant struggled, but for as much as she struggled, she could not undo her iron binds. The pain in the servant’s bladder has never been so great as of this moment. Upon hearing her King tell her she may alleviate her needs, her urge grew and she was so close to losing all of that water and wine. And yet, despite being told she could relieve her needs, the chamber pot was still too far away from her binds. Nor was her body positioned to allow the pot to catch her waters. “My King, I am afraid I cannot relieve myself like this,” the servant whined. “You must undo my chains.”

“No.”

“My King…”

“You requested the chamber pot, you got the chamber pot.”

“I know, but my king…” the servant began to sob. “Please my king… If I go like this, my piss will get all over! For I need the chamber pot to be directly under my womanhood! And the only way for that to happen is if you remove these chains, for I beg of you!”

The King smiled. “I rather enjoy watching you sob and beg like that. I shall alleviate your needs. Lift your backside high into the air.”

“My King…”

“Do you wish to get your relief or not?”

“Y… Yes, my King…” The servant felt tears in her eyes. Her torture was nearly over. Her long awakened relief was so close now. The servant struggled, for her bladder was heavy and her sphincter was weakened. But she managed to lift her buttocks into the air. And no sooner did the King say,

“You may relieve yourself now,”

Then the servant lady’s waters poured out. Her sphincter stopped fighting the flood and simply gave into it. For the flood started very weak. Only a slight trickle sprouted from the servant’s pee hole. The tiny stream flew from the servant’s uplifted button and landed flawlessly into the metal chamber pot that the King now held. The stream was very weak. Having spent so long holding, her bladder refused to empty to all its might.

But as the moments passed, the servant's bladder grew more relaxed and her sphincter opened to its full extent. The stream grew in power as well as force. The servant gushed and gushed into her pot. The relief was extraordinary! The servant felt so relieved of such pressure that she was certain she may orgasm now. Her waters continued to flow. It was a downpour of golden liquid. And the King just watched as his prisoner emptied herself into this pot. How lovely it felt to be properly drained!

Sadly, the servant soon filled up the pot, and the King had to take the lovely piece of china away to be dumped. The servant - while struggling yet again to stop her steady stream - was more relieved. She had evacuated over half of her bladder and she was now able to sit comfortably until her King returned a moment later to finish the job.

The servant managed to fill up yet another three-quarters of the chamber pot. The King held the chamber pot for the sweaty and tired servant to see her work. The servant’s liquid was much more clear than her King’s had been. Most likely on account of all she had to drink. Still, the servant’s liquid waste was clearly yellow. And it shinned in the light of the dungeon. The servant’s urine reminded her of the King’s gold. Shiny and bright and yellow. The urine felt warm so close to the servant’s face. She could tell her liquid was steaming. The King then took the vial stuff away to be emptied.

Upon returning, the King returned the now damp chamber pot to its place in the corner. He then crossed over and began stocking the servant’s now flat stomach.

“I shall miss your bulge,” the King sighed. “But I shall see it again.”

“My King?” The servant wondered.

The King frowned. “My servant, I quite enjoyed our little game. And I feel as if you did as well. I promised not to execute you should you do as I ask. And that remains true. I now, however, ask you to please stay here. Stay in this dungeon and allow me to keep treating you as my piss slave. I enjoyed this. And I hope deep down… You did as well.”

The servant thought for a moment. The King’s words were once again true. Despite the agony of holding for so long, the servant girl did enjoy the events of this night. In fact, it was holding and then taking a much needed relief that she truly enjoyed. She also enjoyed the King, the all powerful King paying attention to her and her alone! The King had countless servants. The prisoner has never been one on one with her master until now. And she quite liked it. It would be a shame to go back to her old life and fight for a place among all of the other servants. The servant loved the hold and the release and following the King’s instructions. She quite liked how the King bossed her around. The servant thought and she thought and she thought some more and finally…

“Yes, my King,” the servant smiled. ‘I enjoyed this as well. And yes, I wish to sta in the dungeon acting as your piss slave for the rest of my days.”

The King smiled ear to ear. “Excellent!”

“My King?”

“Yes, my servant?”

The prisoner paused before speaking. Finally she said, “If it pleases your royalty… May I, a lonely servant, have the honor of engaging in sexual intercourse with his majesty?” The servant knew she was foolish to ask such a question. Especially to some one as powerful as her King. She may be executed yet.

Instead, the King smiled even wider if possible and said, “Yes, my lovely servant. I would quite enjoy engaging in sexual intercourse with you.”

Both parties smiled.

The King then hopped up onto the stone and began mounting his servant.

Back in the real world, free from her chains, Jane worked on getting dressed while Mike took care of cleaning up the chains and the soiled towels Jane had squirted onto.

“That was the most fun I have ever had!” Mike cried.

Jane smiled. “Me too! I love how you talked about all the water items they had in the middle ages to torture me. Water bags, water wheels, water jars…”

“I did quite a bit of research while waiting outside,” Mike admitted. “Glad it paid off.”

“It sure did!” Jane exclaimed with the utmost joy. “I also love how you talked so prim and proper. Not only was it appropriate for the role playing, but you ended up getting me into it! And I especially found it to be sexy!”

“Of really, my lady?” Mike asked with a smirk. “You find it to be sexually attractive when I speak with such dignity and class?”

Jane giggled. “Yeah,” she ran her hands over Mike. “I love role playing and I am happy you enjoy the pee stuff. You know, I kinda like the pee stuff too!”

“And I kind of like the role playing element of it as well,” Mike added.

“Good!” Jane cried, looking up into the face of her boyfriend. “Thank you for a glorious role playing session, my King.”

“Oh, thank you my servant girl!” Mike exclaimed. Smack went the sound of their lips against each other.

“By the way, where did you really dump the pee?” Jane questioned. “I hope not outside. Someone may have seen.”

“Not to worry, dumped it all safely down the toilet bowl!” Mike stated.

“Good.”

“And I still can not believe that you managed to fill up one and three-quarters chamber pots!” Mike cried. “And that thing was big too!”

Jane shrugged. “I got a big bladder.”

“And that is one of the things I am most attracted to,” Mike said, kissing Jane once more. “I can’t wait for our next role playing/pee holding session! What should we do next?”

Jane pursed her lips thinking. “I’m thinking… Tarzan and Jane!”

“And I’ll be Jane?’ Mike asked sarcastically to his girlfriend, Jane.

Jane laughed and began making out with Mike.
