Mike and Jane's Roleplaying Pee

Author: UrineLover1

*013*2023-04-09 16:38

Jane stood on her hands and knees. She was completely nude with the exception of a red collar around her neck. Hanging from the collar was a personalized ornament that read, ‘Jane’. From her tiny advantage point on the kitchen floor, Jane stared up at the large door in front of her. She was able to look through the transparent door to see the backyard beyond the exit of the house.

Mike and Jane were lucky enough to live in a wooded area. Their neighbors were always away and their backyard was mostly just a forest of trees and bushes. Perfect for what they planned to do today!

While waiting for her ‘master’ to get home, Jane could feel the pressure from the two water dishes she drank begin to settle inside her bladder walls. Jane had to cross her legs behind her as the pressure grew to levels of discomfort for the poor dog. Jane could feel the warm, heavy balloon of fresh urine inside nestle on her vulva like a crow would nest on a building. Jane knew she would need to alleviate this urge quickly. But she had no idea when her master would be home to let her out.

So, as Jane crossed her hind legs and wished her master owned a doggy door, she just stared out at the yard, inviting her to urinate, and she waited.

Jane continued looking up at the door, whimpering, pleading with the accursed thing to open. Jane was forced to look out at the precious yard with all of its greenery. She was unable to keep her mind from imagining the joy of lifting her leg and spraying her kidney juice all over those bushes and across the lawn. It would feel so damn good!

But alas, master was still at work, and Jane was forced to wait.

As the time ticked by, each one slower than the last, Jane found herself doing a potty dance. The large puppy was constantly slapping the kitchen tiles below their appendages.

Behind her, Jane heard the soft, yet powerful, drip, drip, drip of the leaky kitchen faucet. Each drip sent a surge of urgency washing across the dog like a swarm of bees. Impossible to fight off and impossible to escape from.

As the drippy leaks went on, and Jane’s bladder expanded to the size of a deflated basketball, Jane moaned and whimpered at the door. She really needed to go out right now!

Jane hoped her master would get home soon. He wouldn’t be happy to find a puddle on the floor. But Jane knew she couldn’t do that. She was a big dog now. She held her urine. She didn’t use newspaper or puppy pads. And she certainly didn’t piddle on the floor. She waited for her master. Jane would just hold for as long as it took. She refused to let her anxious bladder get the better of her. And so, Jane continued to wait and wait. She could feel her bladder swell to sizes she didn’t even know it could reach. And still, Jane refused to give into the literal pressure of the massive thing.

Jane wished she could tell time. But sadly, she was just a dog. She had no way of telling when her master would get home. She would just have to wait for him and hope he reached home soon.

Jane had no idea how long she was standing there. But she knew in her gut (and in her bladder) it was a pretty long while. Jane felt as if her bladder was filled with ostrich eggs. It would certainly explain the weight of the thing.

The pet wished she was human so she could hold her hands. But unfortunately for her, all she could do was pat her four feet up and down on the floor and cross her hind legs. Jane could feel her vulva sticking out behind her, ready to unload cargo. But she held with her muscles, feeling the brute weight of her bladder crush her sphincter muscle like an ant under a boot.

Please come home, master. Please come home, Jane thought inside her doggy mind. Oh, how she needed relief.

The kitchen sink was driving the pet mad. She could feel her bladder vibrate and quake on each drip from the sink. The yard looked so lovely. Jane wanted nothing more at the moment than to race outside to the nearest bush and lift her leg, and allow all the water she drank to flow out in its new golden form. Instead, she was stuck inside the house and was forced to hold back her flood.

She just wanted to mark her territory! Was that so much to ask? And now, the poor puppy dog was one step away from marking her territory inside her master’s home. He would be pissed! Literally!

No, Jane scolded herself for having such thoughts. I am a big puppy! I am an obedient puppy! I shall hold! But it was getting tougher and tougher.

After much more suffering, Jane’s prayers were finally answered when she heard a car pull up, its tires crunching against the driveway.

Jane turned and charged towards the front door, barking at the top of her lungs. Jane heard footsteps coming up the path. She continued patting the floor urgently as excitement filled her mind. She was nearly there! Just a little longer…

“Bark, bark! Bark, bark, bark!” Jane shouted. Jane loved barking at the door, but right now, she just wanted the door to open so the master could relieve her biological needs.

Jane heard the keys enter the lock. A pause. Then a click. A second pause…

Jane was patting the floor harder than ever, unable to wait much longer. The door finally opened and there, on the opposite side of the door, stood Jane’s master… Mike.

Mike didn’t look too healthy, though. He laid his side against the door and held his knee up against his jeans. He grasped the bulge of his penis through his pants. His eyes were wild and his lips twitched. Mike held the key to his house in his hand which he quickly stuffed into his pocket and stumbled into the house. Backward walking, Jane went back inside to give him room. Mike tossed down his briefcase onto the couch and bent down to pat Jane on top of her head.

“Hey, girl,” Mike said. “Master had to pee so bad! The damn toilets were broken at the office and I had too much coffee. I need to piss right away!”

Jane’s heart nearly stopped upon hearing this. Jane never expected her master to be in such a desperate situation. But even masters must pee too. Jane hated to see her master in pain. She wanted him to get relief. But she also wanted relief herself. If only she could talk to him. Maybe she could suggest that they both go out to the backyard and pee together. But no, even if Mike could understand her, he would more than likely refuse this idea. Mike - like most humans - is big on peeing indoors. What is wrong with humans, anyway? Why don’t they just pee outside like dogs? It would make things so much easier for everyone!

It didn’t matter anyway. Master would go to the bathroom and pee and make Jane wait some more. Jane might be able to signal how badly she needed draining. She might be able to pat the floor some more or scratch the back door or even lift her leg. (That last one was extreme. She didn’t want her master to think she was about to pee inside! That was just pure wrong!) But Jane didn’t do any of this. She wanted her master to relieve his needs. Poor master had been holding it all day. Sure, Jane was as well, but her master came first.

So, Jane bottled it all up and continued patting the floor while her master raced off to the bathroom. Eager her master was home, and anxious to be let out, Jane foolishly followed her master down the hall.

By the time Jane reached the restroom, the sounds of urination filled her ears. A very heavy stream collided with the water, sending sound waves directly into Jane’s ears and causing her tightened bladder to stir.

Mike’s belt was hung open as was his jeans flap. Mike’s limp penis was in his hand and his other hand leaned against the wall behind the toilet. The toilet seat was in an upright position and a look of pure bliss dotted Mike’s face. Mike heaved a grunt as his bladder voided through his penis shaft down into the bowl with the loudest, most powerful, most violent splash Jane had ever heard. A monstrous SPLOOUSSH PRISSSS PLOUSSS sound echoed across the whole house.

Jane felt her pee hole become damp. The poor desperate puppy continued patting the ground. The sound was agony to Jane’s bladder which had become weak over the course of her desperate day. All of her urine was like a prisoner that had done its time and now wanted out!

Jane patted the ground, her black hair fluttering around her. Jane jumped and bounced off of the tiles, able to feel her bladder contract on every movement.

Mike pissed for what felt like ever. Mike moaned as the strongest stream of clear urine in the history of the world was ejected all at once from his large cock. The urine cascaded from the slit that was his pee hole and crashed down into the toilet with a sound louder than the bullet heard across the world.

Jane knew she didn’t have long. Unable to bear being here and listening to her master relieve himself, Jane fled from the room and rushed back to the backdoor to wait like a good little puppy that was bursting full of wee.

Jane continued to pat the ground. Her bladder was extra weighed down with liquid and Jane felt ready to squirt. She continued to dance and prance and plead that Mike would finish his business sooner rather than later.

Even from here, Jane was able to hear her master remove his bladder’s troubles into the toilet bowl. Jane’s back legs were crossed extra tight. Her bladder hung down so low under her, Jane was positive it was beginning to scrape the floor.

Soon the toilet flushed and the sound made the puppy go crazy with pee delight. Then came the bathroom sink on full blast. Jane was ready to piddle!

Just like when the front door became unlocked, Jane felt excitement course through her. It was nearly time to wee! Jane was already staring out the door, planning where she would empty her full bladder.

Once again, the desperate dog had her prayers answered when Mike emerged from down the hall. He was whistling and drying his hands on his jeans. “Much better!” Mike sighed.

Jane held up her front paw and began to scratch the back door in a despairing attempt to help her master understand what she so desperately needed.

Mike the master looked up and crossed to the door. “Poor girl, you need relief too, huh?” Mike asked. Mike retched open the backdoor and Jane flew out of it before the door and even opened all the way. Jane ran through the crack in the wall and bounded down the steps two at a time. Jane flew across the lawn like she was being chased by the dog catcher. Jane blasted up to the closest bush. The bush stood in between Jane and the only neighbor's house. Jane - being a dog - didn’t need to hide herself. But she really liked this spot!

Hidden behind the bush, Jane at long last, allowed her leg to rise far past her head, Jane voided her bladder. Her sphincter muscle relaxed and her bladder walls contracted. A powerful jet of piss fired from Jane’s urethra. The pent-up pee stream shot all across the yard. It showered the bush and the grass in gold. Jane’s facial muscles also relaxed as the pet found her inner peace when she peed. Such a glorious feeling! Jane knew it would be the best sensation of the day. It always was…

Jane’s bladder was already going down as two water dishes of urine exited the building that was her body. Jane could feel streams of urine soak her privates and even roll down her opposite leg. This was one messy pee! But that somehow only made Jane enjoy it even more.

The blades of grass were pulled down and stuck to the earth. Jane’s urine stream grew in strength and shot so far across the lawn, it nearly hit the house.

Jane could feel her piss hole become the size of a button. She smiled and panted, licking the air with satisfaction.

“My, oh, my, my poor puppy,” Master said from the house. “I think you had to go potty even worse than I did!”

Jane was just happy she had made it and hadn’t had an accident!

Jane peed for so long, her lifted leg began to get tired. She was drenched from the waist down in her golden water, but it was the superior option than having it trapped inside her body. If Jane had to hold that much in any longer, she would have gone crazy!

Master was right. This was much better!

Finally, Jane’s stream slowed to a trickle and after the last drops had fallen into the grass, Jane allowed her leg to drop and she ran back to the house.

Happy, once again, Jane licked the air and smiled up at her master who bent down and rubbed the sides of her head forcefully.

“Good girl!” Master gushed. “That feels good, doesn’t it, Janey?”

“Bark!” Jane cried with more panting.

“And you get a treat for going potty outside,” her master said.

Jane - even more excited now - running in circles before following the master back inside for a nice treat as a reward for being a good girl.

Mike and Jane lay on the couch with a blanket over them. They panted and sweated. Here they were again. They somehow always end up in this state!

“I can’t believe you peed outside,” Mike laughed.

“Hey, man, this was your idea,” Jane protected with a laugh of her own. “And damn did I love it by the way! It was fun and arousing! And no one is around, anyway. I love the privacy we have around here!”

“That makes two of us,” Mike held Jane closer, feeling her naked breast against his palm. “It was so hot watching you piss outside like that! And that messy stream… So sexy!”

“Felt good comin’ out, believe you me. And you want to talk about hot streams, your piss stream was rather charming yourself.”

“Oh, thanks, babe,” Mike happily kissed his wife, already debating what their next role-playing adventure should be.

*016*2023-05-18 19:56

“Huh… What…” Jane’s mind was like a train, running slowly but quickly picking up speed as she awoke from her slumber. Jane found her ankles tied to the legs of a wooden chair and her wrists tied to the chair’s arms. She was tied down with ropes. She had a thick string used in her mouth as a gag. Fear filled her body, making her heart quicken to a gunshot. Worst of all, Jane felt a constant panging in her bladder that told her the time to urinate was near. “Mumpmh! Ump-umph-um!” Jane shouted through her gag.

A large man stood in front of her. He carried a large sack which he was constantly loading more goodies into. He was taking all of Jane’s stuff!

Jane’s head was pounding just as much as her overworked bladder. Jane could feel a bump on her head. Her brain worked tiredly, attempting to understand this horrible situation she found herself trapped in.

“Mumpmh-humpm-hum!” Jane bellowed.

The criminal looked up and grunted out his irritation. The heavy man lumbered forward and yanked the gag from Jane’s mouth. “What?” he hissed.

“I have to pee,” Jane whimpered.

“Hold it!”

“I’m scared…”

“Too bad.”

“Who are you?”

“A burglar,” snapped the man. “Now let me do my job.”

“Please let me pee…”

“No.”

“But I have to…”

“Hold it in,” the burglar warned. “You’re too old to piss your pants.”

“But I need…”

“No. Now, let me steal from you and you can go potty,” the burglar stalked off, forgetting to regag Jane’s mouth.

Jane knit her eyebrows. She rapidly wagged her knees together and apart, together and apart as much as she could with her limited power of movement. Jane’s bladder appeared to be getting heavier and heavier with each passing second. Jane could feel the water she drank being sent down from her kidneys and making her bladder swell even more as it was pushed from the ureters and pressed all of its brute weight down on her sphincter muscles. Jane was unable to even hold herself due to being hogtied.

“Please, I drank a lot of water and juice,” Jane begged. “I need to use the bathroom. Please, let me pee and I can…”

“No. I let you out and you’ll rat to the police,” the burglar grumbled.

“No, I won’t! I swear! I just need to use the bathroom! You can watch me!” Jane had no clue what she was saying. Why on earth did she just allow this criminal to watch her go pee? Jane was so desperate that she didn’t care. She wouldn’t gladly take a nice long relieving fresh pee in front of this guy.

Her bladder just needed to use the toilet!

“Sorry, you’ll have to just hold,” the burglar replied. “Now, don’t bug me again.”

Groaning, Jane held her head back and sighed, “You’re not getting it…” Her legs continued to dance as Jane shot her head back and spat, “I’m about to burst! I really need the bathroom!”

“Okay, that’s it,” the burglar reached into his thick clock and produced a gun (that was really a toy water pistol) at Jane’s head. “Ask for the toilet one more time and I’ll shoot.”

The very sight of the gun made Jane squeak with fright. Her legs continued to flap back and forth like butterfly wings. Jane opened her mouth to speak, but quickly thought better of it and remained silent.

“No smart-ass comment?” The burglar sounded astounded. Jane shook her head. “Good.” The burglar pocketed his weapon and then returned to thievery.

Jane shut her eyes and continued rocking in her seat as best she could. She attempted to hold her crotch as a way to give herself temporary relief and help her last longer. Alas, as she pulled on the bands around her wrists, they pulled tighter and forced red marks to form on her skin. Jane wanted to scream in agony. The ties around her limbs were painful, but her full bladder was even more painful.

Jane remained quiet as the burglar continued stealing from her. Jane moved as little as her bondages would allow. Her bladder was being tortured with water. Jane felt like she was about to drown in her own fluid. But now that she knew her captor held a gun, she would not dare ask for the restroom again. But how she wanted it! Her bladder badly, badly wanted it.

“This looks interesting,” the burglar lifted up a medium-sized fish bowl filled with sloshing water. Jane didn't actually have a fish, but she planned on getting one someday. The burglar moved the bowl clockwise around his palms, examining every inch of it. Jane’s eyelids hit the ceiling as she watched in horror the water swirl around and around like a whirlpool. “I’m certainly stealing this,” the burglar made his way over to the sink. There, he tilted the fish bowl, pouring half a gallon of water down the drain. Jane’s bladder tightened as she was forced to watch water swish in a downward fast moving stream like the water that enters the ocean from treatment plants. Jane moaned and rocked as the burglar shook out the final few drops into the sink basin.

Setting the now-empty fish down on the counter, the burglar held up the hose attached to the sink and grinned. “This too looks promising. Does it work?”

Out of fear, the criminal would test such a device, Jane quickly shouted, “Yes, yes it works! Trust me, it works really well!”

“Shut up,” countered the criminal. The bandit then proceeded to turn on the nozzle over the kitchen hose. The burglar aimed the opening at the sink just as a powerful hose of water blasted from the tube. “Oh, yeah,” he said. “It works.”

Jane winced as the sounds of running water filled her eardrums. Jane’s bladder was stretched beyond its max and no amount of control or resistance could keep Jane dry for much longer. Oh, why did this burglar have to knock her out and rob her when she was this desperate for a piss.

As if just to torture the poor girl, the criminal waved the sink hose all around the sink basin. Water blasted up and down in all directions, hosing down every square inch of the metal bowl.

Jane imagined water raining down around her, her face surrounded by liquids, each pellet made her bladder squeeze more and more. Jane imagined it would overflow soon, similar to an aquarium flood. Jane gritted her teeth and her breathing turned heavy. Finally, the bandit must have taken sympathy for her as he shut off the sink, and the flow of water ended in the sink dish.

“Very nice,” the burglar removed the hose from the sink and put that and the empty fish bowl in his bag. Jane had no idea why he was taking such bizarre items. It wasn’t like they were worth much. But whatever got him out of here faster. Jane was moments away from trading her own life away for a chance to use the restroom.

The burglar opened up a cupboard and from it, he pulled out three large one-liter jugs of H2O. “Now what do we have here?”

Jane’s eyeballs cracked. Her whole body trembled as though her organs were vibrating. The burglar held up one of the jugs and shook it up and down and all about. Jane watched as the liquid tumbled around inside the massive bottle. She felt the sound and sight act as boxing gloves to her bladder.

“These are perfect,” the bandit stole the three water jugs. He looked over at a squirming Jane and smirked. But his smirk quickly faltered when he saw how desperately she was tugging on her restraints. “What, are you trying to free yourself?” he demanded.

“Wh… No, no, no, no, you… I…:” Jane stammered.

“You can’t leave,” ordered the criminal. The man reached inside his sack and produced yet another rope. This rope was even thicker than the others. The bandit made his way over to Jane’s chair.

“No… What are you…” Jane’s heart nearly stopped and her bladder nearly drained into her underwear. The bandit hunched over and tied the prickly rope around Jane’s bulging bladder. Jane’s bladder was so far extended, she looked like a pregnant elephant. She carried around far too much water inside, water that needed releasing. The bandit made this situation far worse as he restricted Jane’s bladder’s mobility even further. Jane’s bladder no longer had any give, to begin with! But now, thanks to this incredibly tight rope, Jane felt as though her bladder was getting run over by an airplane.

The rope prickled and was extra scratchy. Jane was unable to even make her bondage less intolerable. She was forced to sit with her heavy urinary bulge as this man stole all of her water-related objects - frankly, let him take them. Jane had no desire to see those things right now! - and feel her bladder weigh down on her pussy, unable to do anything but think of her dire need and wait for the inevitable to occur.

The burglar returned to robbing Jane blind as the desperate lady shook and trembled in her seat. She wanted so badly to ask for a bathroom, but she knew he wouldn’t allow it. She was afraid of getting shot. At least if she was shot, she would no longer have to worry about finding a bathroom in time. In fact, the first thing that happens after you die is your bladder draining. Jane preferably wanted to drain her bladder while still alive. But at this point, she didn’t really care whether she was living or dead. Her bladder just needed to fill the john with yellow piss.

Time passed as the criminal gathered the last of his goods. He shouldered his bag and said, “Okay, now, thank you for the supplies. Take care,” and he headed for the back door.

“What!?!” Jane cried, momentarily forgetting about the gun. “You can’t leave me here, you monster! I’m bursting full of wee over here! I need a bathroom right away!”

“Tough. Be a big girl and hold,” the burglar ordered.

Jane cursed at him. “You knocked me out, tied me up, pressed a rope on my bladder, stole a bunch of water-related items - thanks by the way, so I don’t have to look at them anymore - the least you can do is let me use my toilet!”

“Lady, I’m a criminal. In case you didn't get the memo, I don’t give a shit about your comfort,” the burglar warned.

“Please…” Jane felt herself break into tears. She no longer cared about her dignity. Her dignity was dead. Her bladder hurt and she was in extraordinary pain. Jane didn’t want to wet herself, knowing she would be forced to sit in it until help arrived and who knew how long that would be.

“Please, sir, I have to go! Please, help me, please…”

The burglar looked behind him at the open door to the yard, then back at the tied-up woman. Jane could actually see regret crossing his face. The big-statued man huffed out his exhaust and then stepped towards his prisoner.

“Okay, fine, stop crying, I don’t like seeing you whimper like that,” the burglar grunted. “Fine… I’ll take you to your loo, but will you shut up after?”

“Yes, yes, I promise!” Jane shouted, excitement hurtling across her aura.

Jane’s captor stood behind her and undid each tie, one after the other. The most reliving of which was when he removed that fat rope that had been squeezing her watermelon bladder. Jane’s bladder was finally able to return to its massive size. She held the giant thing and moaned.

The criminal, watching Jane grip her large stomach and knot her knees, said, “My, my, you really do need a toilet, don’t you?”

“Yes,” whimpered Jane who was struggling to her feet under the pressure of a gallon-sized bladder.

“But I cannot let you escape,” the bandit said, tying up Jane’s wrists behind her back.

“Whatever, just let me piss,” Jane began to waddle to the bathroom, keeping her thighs in close proximity to one another at all times.

Against all odds, Jane finally made it into her linoleum restroom and her captor followed behind as though he were helping an elderly across the street.

Jane stood before the toilet, dancing up and down. The man lifted the lid for her and pulled down her pants and underwear. Jane normally would have protested a total stranger getting that close to her lady bits, but right now, those very same lady bits needed to explode.

Jane made to sit down on the toilet carefully, but given how large her piss balloon was, she ended up falling down, her butt slamming down on the seat. No sooner did it than a violent rush of fluid sprayed in all directions from Jane’s lips, soaking her vulva from head to toe. The stream split into a million different directions and bounced off of the side of the bowl down into the water with a whale-sized splash.

Grugle-grugle-grugle khluuuuooo klooou… hissed the piss. Jane’s eyes softened and her breathing slowed. A bead of sweat trickled down her cheek. Jane could even feel her butt soaked in sweat. Or that might be pee. This was the messiest, most urgent pee of Jane’s life. Jane panted and gulped down her saliva. The urine was as hot as fire as it rocketed from Jane’s pent-up, painfully overfilled, and neglected urinary bladder.

The gushing sound heard from below Jane’s groin was the most relieving sound she had ever heard.

“Feel better?” the criminal patted Jane on the back.

“Much,” Jane felt winded from that hold. She was ready to just lie down after this.

When Jane was finally all empty and her heavy stream dribbled to its end, the burglar wiped her wet pussy for her and flushed the toilet. Jane stood and fell into his chest, euphoria flowing through her cells.

“You all good, lady,” asked the criminal.

“That hot piss made me horny!” Jane exclaimed, giving her captor devilish eyes.

Thinking, the man smiled back and replied to her silent suggestion, “I suppose I have time before I rob my next hours. It’s not often I have sex with my victim.”

And so, burglar and woman pressed their lips together, their tongs exploring each other’s mouths. They casually fell to the floor and began to undress each other. The criminal even undid Jane’s hand ties.

“That was even hotter than the piss I just took,” Jane panted, her naked breasts growing and shrinking as her body adjusted to the once again slow movements of her world.

“That was awesome, good work,” Mike told his wife.

“Good work, yourself, burglar,” Jane wiggled with joy.

With each role-playing game they did, both Mike and Jane not only became more relaxed, but they enjoyed it even more. And as they lay naked on the bathroom floor with dried semen on their skin, they already began to contemplate their next role-playing adventure.
