Fanfic: Maximum Ride

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2013-03-07 15:46

I have been working on and off on this for many months. If it sounds jumpy and incoherent, that's why.

I also never actually wrote an ending for it. Please feel free to finish it for me.

As it says in the title, this is a fanfic for the Maximum Ride series (it takes place between the books Max and Angel... I think).

Also, sorry for the weird formatting. I pasted this from a word document and I don't feel like taking fifteen minutes out of my life to go and fix all 6 pages.

Please feel to comment and criticize, but leave out stuff along the lines of "damn dude, you're HORRIBLE at writing. Go get a life."

Chapter I:

My parents had arranged for us and a few of our human friends to go to Disney World. I felt like I was in a dream.

Most people like having a vacation. But the rest of the flock and I just loved this vacation. Finally the world seemed safe and we were, well, as free as birds.

I guess I should explain the bird references. The flock, Me (Max), Fang, Iggy, Nudge, Gazzy, and Angel are recombinants. Although we are mostly human, two percent of DNA is avian. Bird.

We have crazy powers and physiologies (yeesh, thanks spell-check). For more details, read the rest of my books.

“Hold up,” said J.J. Her full name is Jennifer Joy and she hates it. “You guys want to take the horse buggy?”

“Where does it go?” asked Sam.

“Just the other end of Main Street…

I think,” replied Mr. Lazzara. J.J. and Sam had attended the same “school” we had way back when were almost kid-bird?-napped by Anne. Mr. Lazzara had been the librarian before the school’s closure (see School’s Out Forever). As it turned out, Sam wasn’t in league with

Them and I apologized to him. The number of apologies I’ve made so far in my entire life has finally made it to my other hand.

My father Jeb is a total jerk. Oh wait. I forgot Total didn’t I? He’s a black Scottie that can jump really high, has wings, and talks. Right now he’s tucked into his doggie jacket and it annoys him to no end. On the bright side, he still has Akila to occupy him.

Akila is a pure white Malamute we met on our far too exciting escapades in Antarctica (see Final Warning).

Anyways, back to my genetic family. I have a half-sister, Ella, and mom, Valencia. Everyone just calls her Dr. Martinez ‘cause she’s a vet. She gets along really well with Mr. Lazzara. (He’s into research. She studies cutting edge avian genetics. Go figure.)

Our latest goal has to crush global warming. That’s how my mom met Mr. Lazarra. He remembered me from school (not The School) and was totally onboard with the whole CSM thing. He, Jeb, and Mom basically run the whole organization. We’re on a roll right now so everyone decided to just chill for a bit.

Geez. I sound like Nudge. Normally she’s the one that rambles but I guess it’s important to get all this background out of the way first. Back to good stuff.

Angel and I were roaming Tom Sawyer’s island. I wish we had one. The place was riddled with tunnels and underground rooms. Rope swings adorned the trees and they even had a pontoon bridge.

It was really hot out. I wouldn’t have been surprised if someone was frying an egg on a flat stone somewhere. We were relaxing and walking along one of the shaded paths when I noticed Angel was walking more slowly than usual. “You alright Angel?”

“Yeah,” she replied nonchalantly.

“Actually, I could use a restroom.”

“I think there are some over by the Frontier Land train station.” We turned right and headed over the hill towards the boat station. As we waited in line, Angel grew more and more fidgety. “When does the boat get here?” she whined. “I think it comes every fifteen minutes.”

She nodded and curtseyed a few times. She moaned and gritted her teeth. A couple minutes later, the boat arrived and we got on.

“Yeah, yeah,” Angel grumbled as the canned welcome speech was blasted throughout the boat. “Great, now we have to go all the way around the lake.” We leaned on the railing and gazed out at the water. I heard a loud tapping sound and realized Angel was knocking her foot against the deck. We were catching up to a canoe and I saw her eyes light up. She cast a quick glance at me and then focused on the canoe. I was very apprehensive at this point, Angel was not known for her self-restraint when it came to using her powers. Especially her ability to read to control minds.

“Angel, whatever you’re planning. Don’t”

“But I can’t wait any longer,” replied Angel. She winced and squirmed. I could see it was taking all she had not to hold herself.

“On the count of three!” yelled the canoe guide. “One, two, THREE!” What seemed like a wall of water washed over me and Angel as everyone on canoe sprayed water at the boat; right where we were leaning against the railing.

Angel sagged against the railing all the tension flowing out of her body. “Don’t worry, Max. We’ll dry out in no time.”

“Don’t ever pull anything like that again,” I said glaring at her. But deep down I sympathized with her and was glad she was alright.

Chapter II:

The sand was burning my feet off. The lines had gotten too long and the sun too hot, so the lot of us decided to go to the beach and the flock and I found this beautiful cove that was, for some reason, completely empty. I stood at the water’s edge watching the others and smiling with happiness. Mr. Lazzara had found a surfboard rental shop and was now trying to teach Sam, Gazzy, and Iggy how to surf. J.J. and Nudge were paddle boarding way off in the distance surrounded by Angel and her entourage of sea-life. Mom and Jeb were setting up refreshments on a giant picnic blanket.

“Look at me!” called Gazzy. I glanced at him and saw that he had finally managed to stand without toppling over immediately. He had a huge grin on his face as he slid to a stop right in front of me. “That was awesome! Why don’t you join us Max?”

“Fang and I were supposed to go swimming with Angel,” I replied. “But I can’t seem to find him-” I whirled around to find Fang standing right behind me. “Stop creeping up on me like that!” I protested. He grinned and said, “Let’s go find Angel.” We jumped into the air rising lazily on a thermal and waving to the others below.

“They’re actually really far out,” said Fang. J.J. Nudge, and Angel were a couple miles out already and it didn’t look like they were turning around soon. We caught up with them and Angel beckoned us down. I dove into the water and nearly crashed into a sea turtle. That woulda’ hurt so bad. It was actually pretty cold considering we were down in Florida. “That’s because we made it to the deeper part of the ocean,” said Angel. I grimaced. “Angel, please don’t read my thoughts.” Her only reply was to shrug. “There’s really not much out here, although I did manage to find a few friends.”

On the word “friends”, a couple sharks jumped out of the water and splashed Nudge, and J.J., completely freaking them out. “Not cool!” shrieked J.J. “Great. Now I’m cold.”

“Join us in the water then,” said Angel smiling at J.J.

“You guys watch my board,” said Nudge. “I’ll be back in a while.”

“Wait, where are you going?” I asked Nudge as she was about to take-off.

“To find a restroom.” Nudge shot away as though launched from a cannon.

Angel thought to me, “Nudge must really need to go to just leave her board behind.”

“Yeah,” I thought back.

“Cool, I’ll take it then,” said Fang alighting on the board and lying down. “You might want to try this sometime,” he commented to J.J. “It might help you get a tan.”

“More likely it’ll just dry me off faster and give me sunburn,” replied J.J. lying on her board and closing her eyes. “That does feel really good though.”

I saw Angel grin sneakily. “There’s a pod of dolphins a little to the north. I’ll see if I can draw them over.” She dived down and I followed her.

“What are you up to?” I gurgled at her. She pointed and I looked just in time for a dolphin to clip me in the nose. I looked back at the boards and saw two dolphins knock Fang’s board up into the air.

He tried to catch himself, but plunged straight into the water. We all laughed as Fang rode up on a dolphin. The dolphin chirped. “He says ‘hi’ Fang.” Angel smiled innocently up at him as he glared at her.

We drifted around waiting for Nudge, playing with the dolphins, and, in Angel’s case, riding sea turtles.

Chapter III:

Nudge returned in flurry of feathers and tried to land on her board. She didn’t seem to realize it was upside down. “Hey, guys. There’s a boat out there and its heading towards us. Fast.”

“I’ll go check it out,” said Fang taking off and showering with water. Nudge tried to follow him. “Just stay with the others, I’ll only be a moment.”

Nudge jumped into the water, flipped her board right way up again and clambered back on. “It’s probably not anything dangerous, but I still think we should get out of the way. The guy’s going way too fast to steer away even if he sees us.”

I climbed up on the board next to Nudge and beckoned her to lean down. I whispered to her, “Did you make it?”

“No,” she admitted blushing. “The line was too long so I just went through my suit while using one of the outside showers.”

I winced in sympathy. J.J. paddled over and asked, “What are you guys talking about?”

Before I could make something up, Fang swooped in and landed next to where Angel was playing tag with a seal. “We’ve got a problem. We need to leave. Now.”

“Hold up,” I said. “What’s wrong?”

“That boat belongs to Chu Industries.”

Chapter IV:

Fear flooded my veins. “Angel, Nudge. Each of you grab a board. Fang and I’ll carry J.J. back in case this turns nasty.”

Fang and I grabbed J.J. underneath each arm and despite her protests, hauled her back to shore closely followed by Angel and Nudge. Fang and I set J.J. down relatively lightly. Nudge set down heavily with her board. Angel on the other hand overshot and almost ran into a sign warning about the dangers of riptides.

The others were gaping at us lounging around the food, of which, I was annoyed to see, there was none left. “What’s the rush? Someone get stung by a jellyfish again?” asked Gazzy.

“No, but there’s a boat from Chu Industries headed right this way at high speed,” I replied causing some of them to jump. Gazzy and Iggy stared at me with horror on their faces. The three adults glanced at each other and then started packing as quickly as they could. “How do we know they’re after us?” asked Sam. “Maybe they have a legitimate reason for being here.”

“Legitimate reasons don’t shoot at you,” responded Fang shortly. He stretched his wing out so that we could see his missing feathers. “They’ve still got those sub-machine guns.

“Which is why we want to evacuate as fast as possible,” commented Mr. Lazzara as he returned from the car. “Help us pack this stuff away.” He picked up two of the surfboards on his own and headed back to the car which was conveniently parked on top of the cliff next to us.

“J.J.” said Sam. He snapped his fingers right in front of her eyes and she appeared to come out of shock. “We need to get these boards back to the car.”

“Right,” came her panicked reply. The two of them grabbed the remaining boards and sprinted for the car closely followed by Akila and Total.

Iggy yelled at us frantically, “We gotta get outta here now. They sound really close.”

“Right. We need to get over the cliff and maybe through that copse of trees.” Behind us the motorboat was growing louder by the second.

“Jawohl.”

Nudge and Gazzy were up first followed closely by Angel and Iggy. Fang and I flew up beside each other. The wind whistled through our wings as bullets started ricocheting off the cliff face. Unlike last time, no one was laughing.

This was deadly serious.

We cleared the cliff, we were going to make it. Another failed attempt by the idiotic

Mr. Chu. But c’mon, this is me we’re talking about.

Chapter V:

Momentum carried me over the cliff and I crashed through a bush scraping up my arms and legs in the process. My wing was all shot up. Again. At least I was safe for the moment, the m-geeks are actually pretty slow and they would have get up here via the parking lot. On the downside, I needed a restroom. I mean really?

Now? Why does this have to happen to me when I’m grounded with a bunch of m-geeks after me?

Something brushed against my wing causing me to instinctively try to fold it against my back. I sucked in a breath and clenched my hands in fists stifling my shriek of pain.

“Max”. I looked up to find Fang bending over me in concern. I struggled slowly to my feet. I needed to move fast, and yet here I was lying on the floor. Finally I was on my feet again. Fang mouth seemed to twitch as I rose and looked at him. “That’s my Max. Tough as nails. Now c-”. He stared at my shot up wing as I drew my wings in against my back as fast as the pain allowed. I was unpleasantly surprised to feel the blood dripping down my back. My bladder twinged and I squirmed uncomfortably

“I’ll fly cover,” he said lofting up easily and checking for enemies. “Follow me.” Then flew deeper into the woods and I had no choice but to follow as fast as I could. We emerged a few minutes later to find the rest of the flock waiting for us in front of a huge expanse of flat land. Since we only had what we took off in, we were all still stuck in our stupid bathing suits.

“Max, are you okay?” asked Iggy from his perch up in a tree. “Why aren’t you flying?”

“Wing’s busted,” I replied. Iggy frowned. “How are you going to get back then?”

“We’ll carry her like you guys carried me,” said Fang. “Get her other arm Iggy.”

Flying feels awesome, being carried… does not. All in all the trip back sucked as I spent the entire time trying not to imagine myself flapping uselessly until I formed a Max shaped crater in the ground below and ignoring the feeling of wet blood on my back.

Chapter VI:

The sun was setting and the sky was a deep red. I was really woozy from loss of blood and was having trouble staying conscious. It was thus an unpleasant surprise to me when Fang and Iggy thrust me through the window of the room Angel, Nudge, and I were sharing with mom and my sister Ella.

“You guys are back!” exclaimed Ella rushing over as Angel and Nudge clambered in through the window. Then she noticed the blood. She called over her shoulder, “Mom, we need you. Now. Max is hurt.”

“Hurt? Hurt how?” asked Mom, grabbing a box from her bedside table as she entered from the adjoining living room. “Oh my.” I tried to rise from the floor but my head was spinning so much I nearly fainted. Mom gently pushed me back down and started bandaging my wing.

As mom finished wrapping my wing, she reminded Ella that we needed to leave as soon as possible. “We’re just staying the one more night and then leaving. I want all your stuff packed away.”

“Okay, Mom.”

Mom lay a blanket over me. “Max, I’m going to leave some water next to you, drink it when you wake up. Sleep tight.” I almost missed that last part consciousness left me so fast.

I woke up in the middle of the night with an excruciating pain in my lower abdomen. I almost screamed, then I recognized the face looking back at me. “What are you doing in here Fang?” I moaned. I clutched at myself and it seemed to make the pressure more bearable but I was still twitchy as all heck.

He gave me one of his half smiles. “So you’re alright.”

“Actually,” I grimaced, “not entirely.” I tried to sit up but I the pressure increased so much I nearly lost it. “Help me up.” Fang disappeared from my vision. My heart rate quickened and I was aware of him gently sliding his arms under mine. But I was even more painfully aware of how wet the floor was going to be if I didn’t get to the restroom quickly.

I stood leaning heavily against Fang my legs knotting themselves in pretzels. He glanced down then raised his eyebrow at me. Despite the seriousness of the situation I blushed furiously.

“Just help me to the restroom.” Ever the gentleman, Fang helped me there and even opened the door for me. I stepped in and heard the door snap shut behind me. I stood there a moment my feet tapping on the cold tiles taking deep breaths and steeling myself. “Three seconds, just give me three seconds,” I thought.

I manage to shrug my way out of my bathing suit. And yes, I made it.

I was just about to step out of the restroom when I realized something. I cracked the door open and poked my head out. “Fang? Could you um… hand me my clothes?”

“Sure, where?”

I looked into the room and realized Mom or Ella had packed it away. “Just give me the olive bag over there,” I said gesticulating to the foot of the bed Angel was sleeping in. He brought it over to me and I quickly changed. I stepped out with a huge yawn. Fang watched as I downed one of the many bottles of water mom wanted me to drink. “You know I can’t take a spin with you tonight,” I told Fang as I got in bed with Angel.

“I know,” said Fang. “I was just checking up on you. See you in the morning.” He went back to his room as I fell asleep again.

Chapter VII:

“We cannot fail again.” Three people sat in an office room around a circular desk. One of them leaned forwards.

“We won’t fail again, sir,” said Chu’s third in command stiffly.

“They can’t leave Florida or else.”

Mr. Chu drew a line dramatically across his throat. “Chu Industries has a large amount of political support and an office in Florida, but our presence in other states is nigh negligible and it would take too much time to try to extend our influence in other states.

“We bribed the Coast Guard into patrolling the waters for us. We have helicopters patrolling the northern border,” said second in command.

“In addition to these more traditional defenses, we also have barrage balloons,” interjected third in command.

“Remember. Only the leader is to be touched. The board will not tolerate any collateral casualties.”

The others nodded and the meeting was adjourned.

Chapter IX:

Normally I am a light sleeper, but not that day. I woke up the next afternoon to find myself alone in the room. “Angel?”

I called out. I was answered by a resounding silence. I looked around and saw that the rest of the room was empty aside for the bottles on my bedside table.

I downed another one, grabbed the rest, and stepped out the window taking a quick flight the guys’ room next door.

“Max!” The rest of the flock mobbed me in a giant group hug.

“We were so worried! How are you feeling? Are you alright?” On and on and on. Thanks, Nudge.

“Where is everyone else?” I asked concerned. Thoughts were racing through my mind of the horrible things that might be happening to them. “Oh they left early to scout ahead for us. We’re supposed to watch after you until you recover,” said Gazzy.

“Well I’m recovered enough, let’s blow this joint.”

“You should probably finish that water first so you don’t have to carry it,” said Iggy. “You’re probably right.” I downed another couple bottles and stuck the remainder in the oversized hoodie I was wearing to hide my wings. After a quick trip to the restroom I caught up with the others who were hovering just outside the window.

“Where’s Fang?”

“Oh. He went to go get food. You must be famished.” I was, but since that appeared to have been taken care of I ignored my hunger.

“According to the others, Chu Industries is attempting to trap us.” said Iggy. “There were border patrols and stuff. The guy in the booth mentioned that even the Coast Guard has been mobilized.”

“They even have helis and balloons. I mean, seriously, what’s up with the balloons? Like those will even help.”

Angel pulled a knot out of her hair.

“No idea, what’s the terrain like north of here?”

“Well…” said Nudge, “Fang thought that it would be a good idea to fly to a heavily forested valley about fifteen minutes from here. We should be able to sneak past the heli patrols and the balloons.”

Fang returned loaded down with candy bars. “Oh. Thanks Fang,” said eating a snickers in one bite. “Lead on. Let’s blow this joint.”  

