Games Within Games

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2018-04-13 04:14

Author’s Note: tl;dr Ya can’t get rid of me that easily.

Once upon a time, I was an aspiring author on this site. I started many a project only to have it die through no fault of its own, entirely my own.

All of my projects have fallen prey to an unsteady work schedule, distractions, and personal feelings of inadequacy and dissatisfaction.

Now however, my work schedule has settled, the time consuming process of creating the scripts for High Tide is over, and reviving my fiction on Royal Road is basically done.

I have decided to once again take up the sword.

… I mean the pen.

… or is it cursor?

Regardless, from the not so brilliant mind that brought you nothing worth mentioning whatsoever, I present to you yet another forgettable work.

Comments/complaints/suggestion are welcome and as always:

Enjoy.

Games Within Games

Chapter I: On The Way Home

Sonata grinned happily as she held onto her package. The cardboard box was clearly too large for the newly turned thirteen year old to hold properly, but she wouldn’t give it to anyone else. She would have skipped if not for the fact it would upset her precarious grasp on the box. As it were, her long caramel colored hair danced with the slight bounce in her step.

“Curb,” warned her twin sister Moxie as they exited the mall and stepped into the parking lot. Although the two girls were practically identical in height and build, that was were the similarities ended. Sonata had green eyes while Moxie’s were hazel. Sonata liked to wear her long caramel hair loose and Moxie always tied her honey colored hair in a ponytail. Sonata preferred wearing cheap designer knock-offs whereas Moxie couldn’t be bothered to care and just bought things similar to what Sonata chose. Today Sonata was wearing a t-shirt and jeans while Moxie wore a sport jacket and mini skirt.

Moxie was acting as Sonata’s eyes since she couldn’t see below the box. Their father, Ted followed behind them carrying Moxie’s box. A fairly handsome man with blond hair and blue eyes, Ted often joked that he clearly couldn’t possibly be their father since neither of his daughters had inherited his hair or eye color.

“Thanks Sis.” Sonata carefully stepped down the curb and hurried to the family’s sedan. After depositing the purchases in the trunk. Everyone piled into the car and they left.

“I can’t wait!” Sonata threw her hands in the air, accidentally hitting the roof of the car. She glanced towards her sister who was watching her antics in quiet amusement. “Come on, I know you’re excited too.”

“Of course I am.” Moxie grinned. The grin faded from her face as the car pulled to a halt. “Oh dear.”

“That’s a lot of traffic.” Sonata’s enthusiasm faded bit as her hands fell. “Rats. I wanted to make my character today too.”

“You have to wait for tomorrow. Mom and I have guidelines to set for you two first.”

“Oh yeah, you told us that earlier didn’t you?” Sonata giggled. “My bad, I forgot.”

Stop. Go. Stop. Go. Traffic was making progress, just not very much. At all.

“Squirrel.”

“Locust.”

“Tarantula.”

“...Aardvark’s already been said, right?”

“Yup.

“What about Anteater?”

“That too.”

“Ant?”

“Yup.”

“Uh… alright fine, you got me.” Moxie bowed out of the game. The rules for the game were simple. Each player had to think of an animal that started with same letter as the last letter of the previous and no animal could be repeated.

“Arowana.”

“Archerfish.”

“Horsefly.” Sonata and Ted continued back and forth for another several minutes before Ted gave up trying to think up an animal that started with ‘x’.

“You’re too good,” sighed Moxie.

Sonata just nodded smugly. But as the glow of her victory faded, she realized something. Back when they were still at the mall she first noticed the slight urges to use the restroom. With the mall being a mere forty-five minute drive away she’d opted to wait until they got home rather than deal with the unpleasantness of the one at the mall.

But here they were half an hour later still only a couple car lengths past the freeway entry ramp stuck in a sea of cars. She shifted uncomfortably and looked at the cars in front hoping for some hint of the gridlock breaking.

“How long do you think it will be until we get home?” The asker was not Sonata but Moxie from her position leaning against the door, resting her head against the cool glass of the window.

“Dunno,” replied Ted. “I’ve never seen such bad traffic. Must be an accident or something.”

“Oh.”

“Why? Something the matter?”

“No...not really.”

Time and the car crept along in equal measure as if moving through molasses. As the pressure behind the waistband of Sonata’s jeans steadily increased, she found herself asking the question of whether she really could wait until they got home or not. Better to be safe than sorry.

“Do you think we can stop somewhere? I kinda have to use the restroom.”

“I was thinking trying surface streets anyways,” confessed Ted. “Might be faster. I’ll find some place after we get off the freeway.”

“Thanks.”

Getting off the freeway turned out to be more of a project than any of them were expecting. Sonata’s clenched fist drummed against the window frame as she pressed her thighs together. Where was the darn exit already?!

“Dad, please hurry.” Moxie crossed her legs pressing back into the seat.

“You know I can’t honey, what’s wrong?”

“I really need to use the restroom.” Moxie took deep breaths as she bounced her knees up and down.

“Why didn’t you go at the mall?”

“I didn’t need to go then.”

All this talk of the restroom wasn’t helping Sonata at all. Her need seemed to spike in intensity and she clenched her muscles until it subsided somewhat. She rubbed her thighs together. Hopefully they would find something soon.

But soon wouldn’t come soon enough. Moxie gasped and pressed a hand between her legs. The exit was in sight. They’d only have to last until they got off the freeway and found some place to stop. After a couple seconds Moxie removed her hand. Sonata shot her a sympathetic glance.

A short while later the hand was back again, Moxie squirming in the seat panting. “I c-I can’t hold it!” she squeaked out. “Please, just pull over!”

“Here?”

“Anywhere!”

“There’s not enough room on the shoulder.”

Moxie choked back a sob. She needed to keep waiting even though she couldn’t. Her entire body shook with exertion. Her skirt was hiked up exposing her white underwear as she used both hands to fight back against the impending flood.

“You can do it, sis.” Sonata kicked off a shoe and hoisted her foot onto the seat so that she could sit on her heel. She leaned over and rubbed her sister’s back pretending not to notice the tears gathering in Moxie’s eyes.

“I can’t!” Moxie hissed back quietly. “Sonata, even if we find somewhere I don’t think I can stand up.”

“Well just… try your best, I guess.”

Sonata pressed against her heel hard as her need spiked again. With shaking fingers she undid her jeans and that seemed to take the edge off the intensity, at least a tiny bit.

By some miracle they managed to make it onto the exit ramp. The sharp sound of liquid hitting leather filled the car as despite Moxie’s best efforts she lost a spurt. She clenched everything she possibly could, eyes squeezed shut. With monumental willpower she managed to clamp down on the sudden outflow and regain some semblance of control.

The cost was more than Moxie realized. More than her now wet underwear, skirt, bottom, and hands. Across the row Sonata’s need reached a new peak as she was forced to listen. Her body reacted sympathetically, intent on ridding itself of its own liquids. Sonata bit down on her lip as she finally joined Moxie in bracing her tired muscles using her hand.

The car pulled into a gas station, and both girls immediately piled out. Moxie lost control again as she stepped onto the pavement. She bobbed and danced rivulets of urine trailing down her legs as she grimly held the leaking to a slow steady stream for a few more seconds before being overpowered. She covered her face in shame as urine flowed freely soaking her socks, shoes, and creating a huge puddle. The only bright side was that she had spared the car seat… mostly.

Sonata didn’t pay any mind to Moxie focused instead on getting herself to a restroom before she too suffered a most embarrassing fate. She barged into the gas station’s convenience store holding her herself. Blushing furiously she asked the attendant between curtsies where the restroom was and promised to buy something. The attendant pointed off in a direction and Sonata ran like mad.

A few minutes later a very much relieved but still very embarrassed Sonata emerged and purchased a small snack before returning to the car. Moxie mopped up everything as best she could with a freshly purchased package of napkins and they set off again. Sonata offered Moxie a gummy bear and she accepted gratefully.

*001*2018-04-13 04:19

Author’s Note:

I can't seem to figure out how to prevent the text from being auto formatted when pasting from my word document. It's annoying as heck.

Chapter II: Laying Down the Rules

The traffic did turn out to be the result of an accident. Driving home took another thirty minutes longer than usual as they avoided the worst of the congestion. Sonata spent the entire trip trying to console Moxie with only marginal success. After dinner the family remained at the dining table for the all important talk.

“Remember, you still have to take care of your responsibilities. If you’re not taking care of your homework and chores, we’ll take away your helmets and ground you. You still have to go to bed by midnight on school days.”

“Of course, Dad. We know.” Sonata was bored with the whole responsible parent speech. Moxie nodded her head vigorously in agreement.

“Just want to make sure I’m clear,” Ted turned to their mother Kathy, an average lady with dark brown hair and green eyes. Both girls had inherited Kathy’s rather modest figure. “Did I miss anything dear?”

“No, I think that was it.” Kathy tapped her watch. “Don’t forget about your meeting at eight.”

“I’m so glad I don’t have to the office for this one.” Instead he would be attending a virtual meeting using a helmet of his own. “I’ll be down later.”

“Good luck dear.” Kathy pecked Ted on the cheek as he stood up and headed up to his office. She then turned to Sonata and Moxie. “So what will you girls be doing now that you’re old enough to access the Virtual World?”

“Well there’s this great game coming out soon!” Sonata leaned forwards excitedly. “What was it called again?”

“Realms Uncharted,” stated Moxie. “You can use magic in it.”

“Aren’t there other games where you can use magic?”

“Those are so clunky or look terrible. Realms uncharted looks so beautiful. You can make characters already!” Sonata raved.

“But they game won’t open until next weekend.” Moxie sighed.

“Your father and I were thinking about trying it actually,” said Kathy.

“What?!” Sonata and Moxie chorused in unison staring their mother in disbelief.

“I never told you how your father and I met, have I? We both went to the same college and used to play a lot of video games back before the Virtual World was created. On weekends the two of us would party up with a bunch of our friends and raid.” She smiled happily in reminiscence. “Then one day in our senior year, your father finally asked me out on a date and we’ve been together ever since.”

“It’ll be fun, a whole family activity.” Ted arrived in the kitchen and pulled a bottle of beer from the fridge.

“Your meeting’s over already?”

“Nope, but they gave us a short break.”

“Should you really be drinking then?”

“It’s not drinking, it’s a drink.” Ted frowned in mock indignation before heading back up causing the girls to erupt into giggles and their mother to sigh with resignation.

“Some things never change.”

<=>

The board room of KEG, the Kolifer Entertainment Group, was especially busy in recent days. Realms Uncharted, their biggest, most expensive project would release in just under a week’s time but it wouldn’t work without the new universal upgrade patch from the government’s Virtual World division.

“The patch is ready to be released?” KEG CEO Norman Gray asked the government’s oversight official. An overweight, balding man with a fantastic handle bar mustache, Norman Gray was one of the hottest topics in the business world, an old timer finally getting his big breakthrough. At least, that was how the media portrayed him.

“It just passed safety inspection. We’re already rolling it out.”

“Perfect.” Norman gave the official a thumbs up. Neither of them knew about the effects not caught by the safety inspection.

<=>

Bed covers rustled as Sonata twisted and turned in her sleep. She lay on her side, body half curled in the fetal position. Her forehead furrowed as she pressed her legs together. The soft fabric of her green night shorts bunching up around her hips.

A hand found its way between her legs. The harsh expression on Sonata’s face eased for a few moments before returning as she erupted in another furious storm of squirming.

“Sonata. Sonata! Wake up!”

Sonata’s eyes popped open and she curled up harder, grimacing. Moxie stood next to her bed wearing her usual tank top and panties as she gently shook her sister awake.

“Ng!” Sonata grunted, fighting back against a wave of desperation. She needed to get out of bed to get the restroom before her bed turned into soggy mess. The problem was that she couldn’t seem to loosen even a tiny bit or she might just lose it then and there.

She felt her underwear start to dampen. A tiny wet spot appeared on her shorts. Not that Sonata could see it but she most definitely could feel it. Time was going to run out no matter what she did.

So she had no choice but to try to rush to the restroom and pray. She swung her legs over the side of the bed and stood up almost collapsing as her legs shook violently. The crotch of her shorts grew wetter and it was all she could do to keep from losing it right then and there. The stray drops trailing uncomfortably down her legs were only making it worse.

One shaky step, then another, and then Sonata was dashing madly for the toilet trying to ignore the pee spurting past her fingers and leaving a trail down the carpeted floor. Arriving at the toilet she didn’t even try to pull down her clothing and just sat down on the seat panting with exertion, the bathroom door still hanging ajar.

Thankfully the bed was spared. After doing her best to clean up the mess and changing into a clean pair of pajamas, Sonata went back to sleep trying to put the whole ordeal behind her and looking forward to a long hot shower in the morning.

*005*2018-04-14 03:21

Author's Notes:

Thank you all for the kind words of support.

Word of warning: The game does not start until chapter 6. There are two more chapters of real life that I want to do for the (in-story) week leading up to it.

Chapter III: Building Characters

Sonata woke up first and was still in the shower when someone knocked rapidly on the bathroom door.

“How long are you going to be?”

“I still need to shampoo my hair.”

“I need to pee!”

Sonata stepped out of the shower, unlocked the door and stepped back into the shower.

“It’s unlocked.”

The door burst open and Moxie danced through still in her pajamas. She slammed the door shut and then thrust her panties to the floor already pissing as she plopped down onto the seat. Her sigh of relief was loud enough to be heard over the running water of the shower.

“Pass me a new bar of soap?”

“Huh? Oh, yeah, here.” Moxie finished up and opened a new bar of soap from the cabinet before passing it to Sonata.

“Are you okay?”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, after what happened yesterday.”

Moxie blushed and sat down using the toilet as a seat. “It was just bad luck. I’ll get over it. What about you?”

“Me?”

“This morning.”

Sonata paled as she remembered back to what happened and imagined how much worse it could have been. “I owe you big time. I would have wet the bed if you didn’t wake me up.”

“And Pop might’ve forced you to wear diapers again.”

“You don’t seriously think he’d do that do you?”

“Who knows? Either of them might if they go full parent mode. I’m counting myself lucky they haven’t given me a talking to.”

Sonata shuddered. She couldn’t let that happen. This last day was just a one time occurrence… right? Surely it must be.

Breakfast helped to expel the doubt from the girls’ minds as they dug into their fruit and scrambled eggs. “What game did you and mom used to play?” Sonata asked curiously as she spooned some cantaloupe.

“The last one was Glory, wasn’t it?” Ted said thoughtfully. “Back when the pro league was the most watched sporting event.”

“I think so,” replied Kathy.

“We used to be pretty good too.”

“Let me guess, you played mechanic,” Moxie jabbed her fork towards her mom, “and you played priest?”

“Almost,” Ted grinned. “Your mom played paladin. I did play as a mechanic.”

“So what classes will you be playing this time?”

“No idea, Kathy?”

“Probably some sort of mage.” She shot him a sly look. “You’re front lining this time.”

“Awwww… okay.” Ted’s exaggerated disappointment drew laughter from the rest of the family.

After breakfast Sonata and Moxie went upstairs. Their helmets were already unpacked plugged in left to charge and update overnight. Each one laid down on her bed and put on their helmet.

“Hey Moxie?”

“Yes?”

“Do you know what you want to play as?”

“Rogue. You?”

“I was thinking of using the custom build thing.”

“Oh? Well good luck.”

“Thanks.”

Sonata toggled the power button and all light seemed to fade. No sight, no sound, no touch, no sensation whatsoever. The sheer lack of anything was extremely disorienting. Then a menu appeared in front of her. Instead of having to use a mouse, all she had to was will whatever selections she wanted to happen.

After navigating to Realms Uncharted, she selected Character Creation, the only option besides Cancel currently available. The menu vanished and Sonata found herself standing in a grassy field. A circle of avatars stood around her displaying each of the available races in their full glory.

Sonata wandered around looking at each of them in detail before finally stopping in front of a slender model of a human with the tail and pointed ears of a fox. It was the race with the highest base value of the stat she was looking for, move speed.

“This is the one,” she said to no one in particular as she made her selection. All the other avatars disappeared leaving Sonata staring at a perfect rendering of herself, dressed as she was in an aged t-shirt with a Troubling Rain graphic and spandex shorts. Except that the avatar also had large pointed ears and a long bushy tail both covered in red fur.

So this must be what she looked like in character. To her surprise, a list of sub races appeared and she selected arctic fox. Natural protection from the cold seemed incredibly useful. Her fur turned pure white and noticeably thickened.

After that came class selection. Instead of using one of the default classes, Sonata chose to create her own. A notification popped up warning that the option was only meant for very experienced players and recommended she use a default class.

Sonata plowed right on ahead. If she wanted she could always go back anyways. Perks for the class including proficiency and skills operated on a point buy system. The sheer number of options startled her. Filtering by relevance, she quickly settled on a few select traits.

Last but not least came assigning her base statistics. The game had soft caps to prevent someone simply stacking a single attribute to infinity. Sonata put as many points as she could in dexterity and the rest in strength. Finally she was done with the character.

<=>

“Oh god.” Sonata whimpered as the device powered off. She found herself in the same position as last night, half curled in the fetal position with her hand between her legs. Only this time was much worse.

A spurt dampened her underwear. Sonata tried to hold back, eyes watering with effort as she forced her already tired muscles to press closed. As she tried to roll a little bit, another leak sprung. The bed creaked, Sonata threw herself off as she made one last desperate to stop the flow, but her muscles just wouldn’t respond.

Warm piss flooded her shorts, soaking into the carpet. Immense shame and feelings of powerlessness welled within Sonata as her bladder emptied itself. She considered needing diapers only to reject the notion with a mixture of even deeper shame, disgust, and horror,

Either way, she needed to get everything cleaned up, before the stain became permanent. Sonata stood up to find her mother staring at her wide-eyed from the open door.

*009*2018-04-15 01:01

Author's Note:

This is a bit of a long one. I'll probably rush to complete chapter V which is the last planned chapter before the game starts in chapter VI. So if you're waiting for the actual game elements... then sorry, I'm working on it. :P

Minigame:

I like throwing in references to things, mostly Magic: The Gathering.

If you happen to catch a reference, throw it in the comments and I'll tell you whether it was intended or not.

So far there are two references. See if you can find them.

Good luck and enjoy.

Chapter IV: Rumors and Plans

To Sonata’s surprise and relief, she didn’t receive any sort of punishment. Her mother, Kathy, was all for taking away her helmet until she showed that she could control herself. Her father, Ted, protested. He took all the blame upon himself.

“It’s my fault,” he told Kathy. “I didn’t warn them that some parts of the Virtual World cut off all sensation from the real world. This is on me.”

With Moxie’s help, Sonata had the mess cleaned up in no time and was back to her normal cheerful self. But a tiny niggling of fear stayed buried in her mind.

<=>

Sonata and Moxie had to wake up in the middle of the night to use the restroom and were still a bit tired when they woke up for school the next morning. Still, the successful night time trip combined with the fact neither of them had any more episodes since Sonata’s disastrous wetting was helping to reinforce their fragile confidence.

The dress code at Fortwith High was fairly lax. No cleavage, no bellies, and no butts showing. Other than that, the school didn’t care so long as the student didn’t dress too outlandishly. As third week freshmen, the twins had already settled into the new routine. Sonata wore her favorite loose knit cardigan over a fashionable long sleeved shirt and a lacy miniskirt. Moxie opted for yoga pants paired with a short sleeved shirt and her usual sports jacket.

It took a half hour each way to walk to Fortwith. The girls made sure to use the restroom before leaving as they always did. They were over halfway there having just crossed a large road when the now familiar rattling approached from behind.

“Whaddup mates?” An athletic looking boy riding a kick scooter with a large front wheel pulled up alongside then. The scooter was a gift from a relative who lived somewhere in Europe. The boy had wild blond hair caged by an, in Sonata’s opinion, ugly army green bike helmet. He wore the same black leather jacket that he wore every single day unzipped over a ‘Got game?’ t-shirt and khakis.

“Morning Carter.”

The boy, Carter, was Sonata’s lab partner in Physics. Quiet and sometimes awkward with a completely average appearance, neither of them fully comprehended why this complete nobody ended up pairing with the Sonata who had a bit of a reputation from middle school due to her good looks and good grades.

Sonata didn’t regret the outcome one bit however. The two of them breezed through the lab work in half the time it took other people although he ended doing most of the work. He in turn was starting to open up a little bit more around people he didn’t know, probably due to her influence. The only thing that really annoyed Sonata was that although Carter definitely liked her, he wouldn’t take the next step. Probably because he was too aware of the difference in social standing.

“It was your birthdays this weekend right?”

“How’d you know that?”

Carter didn’t answer, looking vaguely embarrassed for a reason neither of the girls could discern. He dismounted and walked beside them.

“Do you have helmets yet?”

“Of course.”

“Have you heard of Realms Uncharted?”

“Who hasn’t heard of Realms Uncharted?”

“Good point. So are you thinking about playing it?”

“Duh. We’ve already made characters.”

The three of them ended up chatting until they reached the school where some sort of commotion was happening. Carter split off to go lock up his scooter while Sonata joined her usual group of friends in front of the school.

“What’s going on?” asked Sonata.

“Some poor girl wet herself and of course it had to happen right in front of Helen.”

Sonata and Moxie winced. Helen Twist wasn’t the real queen bee of the school, that position belonged to Rachel Morrison, a very pretty, compassionate, charismatic junior the long standing girlfriend of the football team’s star running back. But that didn’t stop Helen from trying to be the school’s overlord. She and her clique ruled the halls drowning everyone except for the most popular people in their authority.

So far everyone in Sonata’s friend group managed to stay under the radar, avoiding the wrath of Helen’s gang. She felt sorry for the poor girl currently the subject of Helen’s bullying. That girl might never have a social life for the rest of her time at Fortwith.

Aside for Sonata and the tag along Moxie, the friend group consisted of Fleur, Sarah, Luna, and Rebekah. Fleur, Sonata, and Sarah had already been friends in middle school and met Luna and Rebekah during the first two weeks.

“I hate wearing this stupid thing.” Luna plucked at the blue skirt of her cheerleader uniform. Fleur and Luna were already dressed in their blue, silver, and gold uniforms promoting school spirit in preparation for the football game that evening.

“Then why do you do cheer?”

“Because cheer is fun! And I actually like the uniform, I just don’t like wearing it normally because I swear every guy in this place spends the entire class trying to look up my skirt.”

“But you’re wearing trunks.”

“It’s the thought that counts.”

<=>

Well bugger. Since when did Moxie start using the term bugger? Must have picked it up from Carter. He would always say odd things like ‘howdy y’all’ and ‘well bugger’ in his perfectly non accented speech. Regardless, she was in a bit of a pickle.

Moxie’s bladder was already sending her warning signs even though it was only second period. Normally she would use the restroom before school and then wait until she got home in the evening to avoid using the ones at school. This had led to a couple uncomfortable walks home, but nothing dangerous. On a normal day, Moxie’s bladder shouldn’t even start sending signals until fifth period and only start to get troublesome after sixth period during the walk home.

She briefly considered waiting until lunch, but then Moxie considered how poor her and Sonata’s recent track record was. She resolved to use the restroom between periods.

Exactly as planned, Moxie skipped her usual stop by her locker to switch textbooks and instead used the restroom. She walked into her fourth period course and took her spot at a table group in the rear corner of the room.

Precisely as the bell rang, a girl with blond hair and blue eyes sprinted into the room. She was wearing a cheer leader uniform.

“Cutting it close there Lia,” remarked the teacher.

Nodding breathlessly, Lia sat down next to Moxie. The two of them had a sort of mutual understanding. Lia belonged to Helen’s group. From the first day, she ignored Moxie every class and Moxie was content to play along. Just leaving her alone was already more than Moxie expected.

But today Lia was fidgety. Ever since she walked in she was constantly in motion whether it be tapping her finger on her notebook or crossing and recrossing her legs, the skirt fabric rustling. As she held the end of her pencil between her teeth, Moxie developed a suspicion but didn’t risk disturbing her table mate.

Her suspicion was confirmed a moment later as Lia thrust her hand in the air. “May I use the restroom?”

But the teacher gave her the answer they were all expecting. “No, of course not. That’s what breaks are for.”

Lia huffed and rested her chin on a fist. Beneath the desk, Moxie could see her legs moving up and down slightly as she rubbed her thighs together, bottom shifting surreptitiously. A mere five minutes later, Lia suddenly gasped and leaned forwards. She remained in a hunched position for several long moments before straightening and looking at the clock. The period was still young, barely a third over.

“What’s the answer? Anyone? Lia?”

Lia looked towards the board eyes widening like a deer caught in headlights. The teacher never called on them. Her and Moxie’s two person group was an oddity a product of every other table group already being filled leaving their group two people short.

“A combination of discontent and popularity. All people change parties because they’re dissatisfied with something or because they just want to be on the winning side.”

Quite a few of the people in the class including the teacher blinked. “An insightful answer,” the teacher consulted his attendance sheet, “Moxie.” Lia snapped towards her in surprise. It was the first time Moxie had spoken up all year. “Would you care to elaborate a little bit?”

“Sure.” Moxie launched into a list of reasons and why they could be attributed to her answer. Finally she was allowed to sit down again.

Lia was fidgeting worse than ever, occasionally knocking her knees into the desk. As the clock ticked past the halfway mark in the period, she got up and walked to the classroom door.

“Sit down Lia.”

“But I really, really, need to go.” Lia was trembling visibly as she slowly bobbed lifting her foot in the air for a moment. “Please?”

“Wait until the end of class like everyone else.”

Lia returned to her seat, a worried look flitting across her face. The period dragged on relentlessly. With each passing moment, Moxie noticed her composure slipping more and more. First it was biting her lip, then it was the constant shifting in her seat. Moxie was a bit torn. On one hand she felt that everyone in Helen’s group deserved some karma for the hell they put everyone else through. On the other hand she had never seen Lia partake in the mockery, ‘accidents’, or outright abuse so typical of the group.

Mmph! Lia suddenly tensed up, one hand digging into her crotch. She shot a glare towards Moxie. “If you dare tell the others about this you’re dead.”

But the effect was ruined by Lia’s shaky, almost reluctant voice and quivering frame. Moxie got the distinct impression Lia had no experience in threatening people..

“Like they’d believe me. They’d just make fun of me for making up stuff,” she stated matter of factly.

Lia seemed to ponder that logic for a moment before stifling a squeak. She came up panting, ankles crossed as she squeezed her thighs together. Quite a few people were distracted, watching her instead of the teacher. She wished nothing more than to turn invisible. She was well past the point of trying to pass off her plight nonchalantly. Moxie glared at the students openly watching Lia but unfortunately, she was basically invisible.

The sound off trickling water filled the room. Everyone turned to look at Lia who began to writhe openly as her face turned red like an apple.

But the culprit wasn’t her. Instead, it was a red headed girl sitting up towards the front of the room. Her sobbing face lay on the desk as pee spread across the plastic seat, showering onto the floor in a torrent. The other students sitting nearby scooted away avoiding the spreading puddle.

The first domino had been knocked over. She hadn’t even finished peeing when another girl lost control of her bladder. Another waterfall started towards the center of the room, then another towards the front again.

“Go!” Moxie leaned towards Lia and whispered to her discreetly.

“What?”

“Now! While everyone’s distracted.”

“But I’ll get in so much trouble-”

“Just don’t come back to class. I'll bring your stuff to the gym.”

Lia immediately bolted, the classroom door shutting quietly in her wake. All in all five the fourteen girls in the class ended staying after with wet clothing as they endured the rantings of their irate teacher. In the back of the room, Moxie took Lia’s stuff with her leaving no one the wiser.

*012*2018-04-17 04:30

Author's Note:

This is the last chapter before we being delving into the game related stuff. I guess I can only hope my graveyard is full enough.

It occurs to me that I forgot a reference so the number of references so far is actually 3... not 2. 4 if you count this author's note.

Chapter V: Politics

Many students wet themselves that Monday, even a few of the teachers did as well. Nobody could come up with a reason to explain away the unheard of number of incidences. Even more bizarre was the fact that every person involved was female.

And it wasn’t just the school either. The issue made news all over the nation. The next day, there was a surprise assembly held at which the principal announced his decision. From now on there would be a three strikes policy. If a student disturbed class by asking for the restroom or soiling themselves, that would also cost a strike. After the third strike, the student would be required to utilize protective garments by the school.

Of course, the policy was only a temporary holdover until the PTA decided on a course of action or the issue was otherwise resolved.

But no matter how much the faculty stated that there was no shame to be had in needing such protection, their preaching fell upon deaf ears. For many of the female students, it became not just a private issue but a matter of pride. For others, it was no big deal. But most had at least a little bit of fear in their minds about what would happen if others found out they needed it.

Sonata knew Realms Uncharted was popular. She just never realized how it was. She was very surprised when trying to use the restroom, she was stopped by an older student demanding that she join the school guild.

“The game hasn’t even started yet!” she protested.

“So can we count on your support when the game opens?”

“I’ll think about it.” The student still refused to let her through.

“What now?” Sonata was distinctly uncomfortable, both of her hand were plunged deep into her jean pockets as she tried to stay nonchalant. Behind her the other girls were also complaining about the hold up. The awkward standoff continued for a moment longer before Sonata was allowed to enter.

<=>

War was declared not in the game, but in the halls of the school. And of course it was Helen who kicked off the entire debacle. She decided to form her own guild separate from the one the school guild. Helen made the matter simple. Join her group, or be punished.

Sonata was forced to use a strike that Wednesday. She’d tried to use the restroom earlier in the day only to be rebuffed by Helen’s cronies since she refused to join Helen’s group. And they weren’t at just one restroom either, they were at every restroom. Even the ones in the gym locker rooms.

This left Sonata in fifth period with both hands pressed between her legs, biting her lower lip as she fought to hold back the veritable ocean swelling within her abdomen. She undid her jeans to try to get some relief. Thankfully she had worn one of her longer blouses so she might be able to hide the fact when she stood up.

But the amount of relief gained was nowhere near enough. Sonata couldn’t stop from squirming in her seat. As the first spurt escaped into her underwear she knew she couldn’t dare wait any longer and raised a trembling hand into the air.

“Yes Sonata?”

“May I use the restroom?”

“You d-”

“I know. I’ll take the strike. Just… please?” She turned pleading eyes to Mr. Hartford the art teacher who glanced down at the attendance sheet double checking how many strikes she had left.

“Alright, but be quick.”

“Yes sir.”

Sonata trembled as she stood up and deliberately walked out of the room, trying to keep her breathing under control. Only once she was out of the room did she dare put a hand between her legs aiding her tired muscles as she hurried down the corridor to the restroom.

The process repeated itself on Thursday. Sonata once again had to burn a strike to even get an opportunity to use the restroom at all. But she knew it was only a temporary solution. Now she couldn’t risk burning a strike or the school would force her into diapers. Sonata knew she couldn’t make it through all of Friday without using the restroom, but she couldn’t see any way to avoid that outcome.

Dread was written all over Sonata’s face when she stopped by the newly implemented inspection station on Friday morning. Quite a few girls had already used up all of their strikes and the school wanted to be sure that the students were sticking to the new policies.

By lunch time, Sonata knew she was doomed to fail. Try as she might, she still couldn’t get past Helen’s guards and her bladder was feeling quite heavy. Rebekah had decided to join Helen’s group immediately and Sarah and Luna reluctantly followed her lead after earning two strikes themselves. Now the only ones of their friend group left stubbornly refusing to give in were Sonata, Moxie, and Fleur.

Each had their own reasons for refusing. Fleur lived right next to the school and could make it the entire day if only barely. Sonata refused on principle, she did not want to be placed under Helen’s thumb. Moxie agreed with her, to concede now would only empower Helen’s tyranny. But now the threat of the third strike hung over the sisters’ heads like an anvil waiting to crush down upon them.

Sonata made it through fifth period dry, but only just. She couldn’t make any attempt to hide her desperate need, mincing her way red faced down the corridor with both hands pressing the front of the off-white yoga pants she decided to wear that day. After a halfhearted attempt to break into the nearest girls room, she went straight to her sixth period class and hastily sat down.

Sonata was grateful that her sixth period class wasn’t physical education. Sitting down she at least had a chance, however slim, of making it through the period dry. But how could she possibly make it through if she was already a quaking pretzel and the period was still just starting?

Her English teacher Mr. Benton looked right at her and Sonata made an effort to sit up, fingers pressing between her legs. But even the help from her fingers only provided so much help. Sonata let out an involuntary gasp and squirmed in her seat as the pressure mounted.

Mr. Benton made his way over and knelt down next to the writhing girl. “You should just go use the restroom,” he told her quietly.

“I can’t,” Sonata’s voice was strained. “I already have two strikes.”

“Why didn’t you go during break?”

“Helen.”

“Helen?”

“Helen Twist. Her goons always block off he restroom.”

“That’s ridiculous.”

Sonata stifled a squeak. Tears gathered at the corners of her eyes but she wiped them away ferociously and took a deep breath. She couldn’t falter. Losing her calm would lead to losing control of her bladder.

Mr. Benton sighed and stood up. “Well I’ll respect your choice, but you’re just going to embarrass yourself.” He went back to the front of the room and started class.

<=>

Sonata wasn’t paying any attention to the lesson anymore. All of her concentration was devoted to not losing control of her bladder. Her breath came in quiet, shallow gasps. A spurt escaped her grasp and she pressed harder with her fingers. Her muscles were too tired, too over taxed.

She closed her mouth. She had to at least maintain some semblance of her usual appearance. But despite the outward calm of her upper body, her lower body was in constant motion shifting in the seat. Her thighs clenched together, ankles crossed.

Sonata whimpered softly as her muscles failed again, a stronger spurt dampening her underwear. The thought that it might be visible even through her jeans terrified her.

She couldn’t hold back any more, not really. Holding the leak to only a minute trickle was purely the product of her willpower and holding her closed. Well, mostly. Wetness continued to spread across her bottom. She knew the moment she stood up, she couldn’t hide it any longer.

The bell rang. Sonata didn’t dare to move. Mr. Benton shooed everyone out of the room. Everyone except for Sonata.

“Can you stand?”

Sonata shook her head, tears falling from her eyes. The tips of her fingers were touching the top of the puddle in her seat.

“Well I suppose I can’t give you a strike since you didn’t disturb class.”

Sonata knew that wasn’t true, but she understood what he was getting at. She turned to say something only to find herself peeing full force. Pee soaked her jeans, her socks, her shoes. The puddle under her even reached the nearby desks.

“When did you last use the restroom?” asked Mr. Benton eyeing the large puddle with amazement.

“T-This morning. I always go before leaving for school.”

“Wait, you never go at school?”

“I can’t, remember? Helen’s group. I had to use my strikes to get trips to the restroom.”

“I didn’t realize you were serious.” Mr. Benton scratched the back of his head. “You should probably change into your gym clothes before going home. I won’t give you a strike this time. But don’t let this happen again.”

“Yes sir.” Sonata sniffed and hurried away to the gym following his advice.

<=>

Sonata emerged from the gym now wearing her gym shorts commando to find Moxie waiting for her looking totally fine.

“I managed to duck behind a bush,” explained Moxie. “I take it you had an accident?”

“Yes, but Mr. Benton didn’t give me a strike.”

Moxie punched her twin lightly in the shoulder. “Then everything’s fine. Cheer up, the game opens tomorrow.”

“Oh right.” Sonata’s expression lit up and a small smile appeared on her face.

“Besides,” Moxie continued. “I have the perfect idea to get back at Helen.”

*013*2018-04-17 04:35

Author's Note:

If you're looking for the game stuff... you found it. Well, the very start at any rate.

Did you like it? Did you not like it? Did you wish the game had more mechanics explained or is painting a broad picture the better way to proceed?

Let me know down below.

Good luck and have fun. Cheers!

Chapter VI: The Games Begin

Sonata woke up refreshed and excited the next morning. After breakfast, the entire family brought their helmets downstairs to the living room.

“We’ll hop out of the game in ten minutes to do a check-in so don’t be late.”

“Got it Pops.”

Everyone had already shared what race they were and what their in game name would be. The meeting in ten minutes was just in case the game didn’t allow them to message immediately and they all started in different places.

Sonata put on her helmet and toggled the power button.

<=>

This time the play option wasn’t grayed out. Sonata selected it and a notification popped up indicating that her character didn’t have a name yet and asking her if she wanted to set a new one or use her real name. Sonata chose to use her real name since she doubted anyone would trace it back to real life self.

Blankness engulfed Sonata. The next moment a simple village with wood buildings built in the shade of towering trees appeared around her. Sonata stood in the central clearing wearing a simple white cloth shirt and a brown ankle length skirt. Other fox people populated the village.

She brought up the in-game menu and looked at her character details. Everything was as she had created it. Nodding in satisfaction, her ears twitched as she noticed something approaching her from behind.

Whirling around, Sonata spun out of the way as another player ran past her. The other player didn’t stop or even say anything, just kept running. Shaking her head, Sonata took stock of her inventory. Apparently she would need to buy all of her starting gear.

Ten minutes past by in a flash. Sonata was now familiar with the layout of the village and purchased her starting gear. She opened the menu and tried to log out of the game. Except that there was no option for it.

Confused, Sonata started opening more and more pages of the menu. Abruptly, the menu shut down. Not just the menu, everything returned to the blank state replaced by a notification, ‘Initiating Stasis’. A video feed appeared, a video that was being watched individuals in and out of the game the world over.

“Ladies aaaaaaaaaaand gentleman!” An enthusiastic man in a fancy suit filled the screen. “Announcing the latest and greatest game competition this side of the multiverse! But first, a little explanation is in order.

As most of you are probably already aware, the worlds were created during a card game among gods. Four lands were chosen, two were discarded. One of these two discarded worlds became the starting world.

But back to the competition! The rules are simple. If you are playing Realms Uncharted then congratulations! You are a contestant. No one can enter the game, no one can leave. That is, until one of the gods wins. Your bodies have been placed in stasis. If you die in game, then you can think of it as an everlasting sleep. A sleep that will only end when the competition does.

To ensure the integrity of the competition, tampering with the helmet will kill you in real life. Any attempt to remove the helmet will kill you in real life. But our goal is not to kill people, no. We don’t want anyone to die.

We are here to watch heroes be born! Follow your favorite players as they strive to ascend to the realm of the gods! Revel in their triumphs! Despair in their defeats! Chat with them even.

And for the contestants, this is your chance to shine! The camera is on you! Wow the world! Become a champion like no other!

Are you not entertained?

Let the competition commence!”

<=>

Sonata appeared in the village again, the announcer’s voice still ringing in her ears. A series of notifications welcomed her to the competition but what really caught her attention were the game play updates.

Simply put the update would make the game more real. She would become tired. She would become hungry and thirsty.

If she died, it wasn’t too horrible. She would just wait out the game. But if no one succeeded, then everyone was effectively dead forever including her. Sonata resolved to stay alive and ensure that didn’t happen. Opening up the friends menu, she was annoyed to find she could only add people face to face.

But she had an idea. Sonata quickly equipped her newly purchased short swords before pulling out a map depicting the surrounding areas. All she had to do was use a real life person as a go between to find Moxie, Mox was her in-game name, and then they could meet up.

Sonata wanted to grow stronger. To grow stronger meant she could go more places, do more things. She began hunting small woodland creatures but quickly moved on to bigger game when she found them too easy.

Claws flashed through the air. Sonata ducked down and swung upwards. With a horrendous screech the tall spiky creature split into two and dissolved in a pile of loot. These sliver creatures were unlike anything Sonata had ever seen in real life covered in bony plates and spiky protusions.

Among the items Sonata picked up was a playing card. She already had many playing cards, but no idea what to do with them. Of all the items she picked up, they were the most puzzling. But she could always sell them if they turned out to be useless.

As she pocketed the items a familiar sensation and she sighed a bit in disappointment. Sonata had hoped that the strange change in her toilet needs would disappear but alas it had been carried into the game as well.

The walk back to to town took a surprisingly short time. Mostly because she spammed haste which increased her movement speed for fifteen seconds although it would break early if she attacked or was hit.

At the edge of town, Sonata was stopped by a group of three players. “Tax.”

“What tax?”

“Five copper pieces.”

Sonata almost laughed. Five copper pieces was equivalent to about five rabbits or one boar. The slivers she was fighting gave at least a silver each.

“What if I don’t pay?”

“Then we’ll kill you.”

“Try me.” Sonata smiled calmly and the three players shared mixed looks. One of them looked scared, another angry, and the last one thoughtful. As they turned to converse with each other she simply walked past them into the village.

Sonata joined the queue at one of the village stores. The player in front of her seemed about her age, except slightly shorter and pretty skinny with red hair and red fur. She was dressed in a white cloth robe. She also apparently needed to go quite badly given the way the skirt of the robe rustled with her constant shuffling and curtsying.

“Fee.” An npc came down the line accepting a copper from every person in the line. He stopped next to the player in front of Sonata who shook her head. “I don’t have a copper.”

“Then get out of the line.”

“What?!”

“Excuse me,” interjected Sonata who was leaning casually against the wall with her legs crossed. “Why are you even collecting a fee?”

“We need to pay the bill. If every customer that came to use the restroom bought something it would be fine, but most don’t even buy anything.

“It’s common practice,” added a big, burly npc with black hair and a large hammer who happened to be passing by. “Sorry for butting in, I just happened to overhear. All stores charge a fee.”

“Thanks for explaining.”

“No problem miss.” The burly passerby walked off leaving Sonata with the store npc and desperate player.

“If that’s the case, then this one’s for me and this one’s for her.” She flipped the npc two copper pieces and he shrugged before carrying on.

“Thank you so much.” The player in front of Sonata turned to her with a strained smile, both of her hands were clasped in front of her legs as she bobbed rhythmically.

“What happened to all your copper?”

“I bought this.” The girl pulled out a staff and then stored it in her inventory again. “I went out to hunt creatures but its so hard as a cleric. I managed to kill five squirrels. Then I had to come back to use the restroom.”

“And those three players charged you five copper.”

The girl nodded, ears and tail drooping sadly. “Now I’m broke again.”

“Why don’t you try joining a party?”

“I did,” the girl looked at Sonata earnestly. “But every party already had their own cleric or said they didn’t need me.”

“You could join me. I’ll carry you for a bit.”

“Really? That would be great! My name’s Wren. I- Oh!” The girl gave herself a quick squeeze between the legs before hurriedly letting go again. “Please, hurry up,” she muttered to no one in particular. “Please!”

But the line continued to crawl. Even Sonata was having trouble maintaining a calm exterior. Her bushy tail twitched nervously. Occasionally she would lift a leg before putting it down again. Wren was far worse off. The hand was now permanently stuck between her legs as she paced on the spot.

“I sure hope no one is watching me right now,” she confided.

Only then did Sonata remember she was effectively always on camera. Hopefully the channel would shut off when she entered the restroom. She’d tried to find a way to turn it off earlier and failed miserably.

Finally they reached the head of the queue. Wren was bouncing all over the place like a rubber ball, both hands jammed into her crotch as she muttered endless pleas so fast Sonata almost didn’t understand what she was saying.

Suddenly, she froze. Wetness spread across the front of her robe and then stopped as she screwed her eyes shut, trembling. The door finally opened and Wren forced her way in she didn’t make it more than a step before she lost control completely. The wet spot on her robe expanded to the floor as a large puddle spread the corner of the room she retreated to.

*018*2018-04-18 00:46

{{4 hours ago, AHMANDAFUEDA said:

OMG, This The King's Avatar reference made my day xD Amazing topic bro!

}}

There were actually 2, which one did you get?

*020*2018-04-18 02:30

I... have actually never seen Gladiator. If I referenced it, that was unintentional. >.>

*022*2018-04-19 05:23

{{1 hour ago, AHMANDAFUEDA said:

Well, I was talking about the first time they talk about glory, the classes they played with, etc.

Is the other reference the old Troubling Rain t-shirt? hahaha

}}

Yup, you nailed both.

*024*2018-04-20 00:55

Author's Note:

I just realized I've been doing that thing where my mind autofills sentences as I read thus I accidentally skip words occasionally.

So, uh, sorry 'bout that.

Also, this chapter is almost all plot and action with no omorashi content. Fair warning. Check back next chapter if you're looking for more omo.

Mini-game Leaderboard:

AHMANDAFUEDA - 2

Chapter VII: The Peanut Gallery

When Erwin heard the reward for the being the player to beat Realms Uncharted, his jaw dropped. A cool 2 million dollars. He almost wished he was playing. Truthfully the only reason he wasn’t was because of the report for his history class he’d been procrastinating on.

To be honest, he wasn’t really paying attention to his work. Once he saw it, Erwin realized it was just busy work and so he spent more of his attention browsing the internet than on the words he was writing. Now a couple days later he was watching KillSpeak, one of his favorite streamers from another game as he wrote the last part of the report.

In Realms Uncharted KillSpeak chose to play as a marksman. A semi-tall fox person with not quite handsome features and a bit of muscle. He was dressed in leather armor, better than what most of the other players were currently using and carried a large crossbow.

“So as I was saying, these sliver creatures require quite a bit of team work. One slice from those claws can take out a third of a player’s hit points if they’re still in starting armor.” KillSpeak was waiting for the rest of his party, casually narrating for the benefit of his viewers.

“We currently have a cleric, a paladin, a fighter, and a mage. The five of us should be able to take it down easy.” KillSpeak hoisted his crossbow, ears twitching. “Sounds like they’re here.”

But it wasn’t KillSpeak’s party that appeared. Instead a pair of young fox girls emerged from behind a tree. One had red fur and red hair. She wore white robes and held a tall wooden staff. Both were pretty expensive looking. By contrast her companion with the fluffy white fur and caramel streaked hair was dressed in simple leather. She had two short swords, one strapped across her back, the other at her hip.

“Or not.”

Neither of them seemed to notice KillSpeak. He watched as the one with white fur activated an ability and dashed straight towards the sliver so fast that KillSpeak was taken aback. The sharp claws descended the moment she got in range, but she easily sidestepped the talons and leaped upwards, stabbing her sword into a gap in the armor.

With a mighty roar, the sliver reared backwards and then crashed down again kicking up chunks of earth and a cloud of dirt.

“What is she doing? Are they planning on duoing this thing?” KillSpeak shook his head. “That’s suicide.” He looked towards the cleric who watched the fight attentively but didn’t prepare any actions.

“Shouldn’t she be healing?” he asked no one in particular.

Erwin had stopped writing, paying full attention to the fight taking place on his screen. The healer not healing could only mean one thing, whoever was fighting hadn’t taken any damage yet. KillSpeak most likely hadn’t considered the possibility given his comment. The dust started to settle and the glint of steel shone through. With arcing slices the girl appeared atop the sliver’s head hacking away at its outer layers. To his surprise, he never saw the telltale glow indicating use of a skill.

Shards of plating flew through the air. A blade whirled over her head before plunging up to the hilt into the small gap she had worked hard to create. The sliver shook violently throwing the girl and emitting an ear splitting screech.

She landed about fifteen feet away rolling like a rag doll before skidding to a halt. Despite the violent landing, the girl appeared unaffected. She vaulted forwards again, her speed abruptly increasing. Most likely it was the same ability from before. A towering talon swung around like a wrecking ball.

A wrecking ball that hit nothing. The sword swung around, a straight horizontal cut. Using the flat of the blade, the girl forced herself an extra few feet forwards past the talon and began dancing around the sliver too close for its talons to strike.

With a mighty roar, the sliver reared backwards and then crashed down again kicking up chunks of earth and a cloud of dirt.

This time Erwin knew what to expect. KillSpeak evidently did too as the view panned upwards. A roar of pain and fury ripped through the air before the sliver collapsed with an earth shaking thud. The large body dissolved leaving a small pile of loot. The two girls collected the entire pile in moments flitting away into the woods as mysteriously as they had appeared.

KillSpeak’s chat was filled with ellipses. He finally broke the stunned silence by uttering the words on most of his viewers’ minds. “Please tell me somebody clipped that.”

<=>

KillSpeak’s party finally showed up. When he told them what happened, they launched into speculation about who the mysterious player could be. The only conclusion they agreed on was that the player must have some sort of gaming background. They couldn’t even agree on what class she was.

Erwin wasn’t doing his history report anymore. Instead he was hunting through the streams as he was sure many others were looking for the girl’s. Using the handy filters options, he found that there many tens of thousands of fox people. As he added more filters, the numbers cut down drastically. But while the people in KillSpeak’s chat reported that were too many female arctic fox people who could use swords to find her, Erwin recalled an observation he had noticed earlier.

The girl had never used any sword abilities, only that singular movement speed buff. That means that she killed that sliver with only her basic attacks. A suspicion crept into Erwin’s mind. Instead of searching the existing classes, he looked for the highest level female arctic fox player using a custom build and directly entered her stream.

<=>

“-need to pee so badly,” complained a familiar red furred fox girl, her staff strapped across her back as the pair hurried back to town. “Can we just stop here and I’ll go behind a tree?”

“No, you can’t undress outside a private area, remember? And someone’s watching us right now Wren.” The white furred fox girl waved directly at the camera. “Hi!”

“Wai- Wha- Why didn’t you tell me Sonata?!” Wren’s face turned as red as her fur.

“They just popped in. Do you have a minute?”

Erwin wasn’t sure how to respond to that. Uh… yeah.

“Do you know where the human starting area is?”

No, but I can look it up.

“Great, could you please do that?”

Ok.

“That’s so weird.” It just occurred to Sonata that it looked like she was holding a one sided conversation with nothing so she shared the chat with Wren. “Why do you need to know where the human starting area is?”

“My mom’s there.”

“Your mother plays video games?” asked Wren incredulously.

“Both my parents used to,” explained Sonata. “We were all going to try the game today as a family activity.”

“That actually sounds really fun,” said Wren.

Erwin agreed. Then he considered how straitlaced his parents were. It would probably end horribly. He finally found the human starting area.

Go west until you cross the mountains. Follow them south until you hit the lake. It should be there.

“Thank you.”

No problem.

As the only viewer of the channel, the three of them maintained idle conversation until they arrived back at the village. Sonata immediately stopped Wren who continued to walk in place.

“It’s a trap.”

“What do you mean?”

“There’s players waiting for us.”

“Its just those three from before right?”

“I don’t know.” Sonata tapped her chin thoughtfully. “I have an idea. Go around to the side entrance. Quietly.”

“What about you?”

“I’ll walk in the front.” Wren hesitated before nodding and walking off. Sonata purposefully stepped on a twig which broke with a resounding crack. There was a slight stomp to her step as she walked right towards the front entrance.

What’s your plan? Erwin suspected Sonata was hiding her actual intentions.

“To walk in the front,” she replied calmly. A large ground of players surrounded her. The ones blocking her way into town even had shields.

Their leader stepped forwards. He opened his mouth to speak and was left facing empty air. The entire group stared in disbelief while a giggling Sonata pranced into town waving at them tauntingly. She was about to leave when a sudden commotion caused her ears to prick up.

Erwin sat up in his chair. It was KillSpeak’s group. KillSpeak lifted his crossbow aiming it directly for the opposing leader’s forehead.

“And why would I give you all of my valuables?”

“Entry fee.”

“Well you can piss off with your entry fee. I can promise this won’t end well for you.”

“Will it now?” The leader smiled smugly. “Even if you all are pretty good at gaming, this is a new game. The five of you can’t take on the fifteen of us.” At his words another five people stepped out of the shadows reinforcing the encirclement. He waved dismissively at KillSpeak’s group. “Kill them.”

No sooner had the words left his mouth than Sonata turned and began to charge. A hail of projectiles and spells flew towards KillSpeak’s group. Behind the leader of the ambushing party a figure suddenly appeared. A figure shrouded by a midnight blue cloak and with magenta feathery tufts poking through the top. Three glowing feathers poked through the slit in the front of their cloak.

Erwin wished now more than ever that he had prepared a bucket of popcorn.

