Motorbike Accident

Author: Uniee

*000*2017-11-15 17:58

HI Guys, had a conversation on here earlier about peeing on a motorbike... so wrote a story.. Hope you like (feel free to comment)

###

Millie was in her first week at her job as a trainee solicitor, she had been lucky to get a job at such a prestigious firm. Her first week had been manic, learning the ropes, very little time to eat, drink or pee. Her bladder was being trained to last for many hours at a time.

At midday on the Friday one of the senior staff called everyone together. “To welcome Millie into our team I’m taking you all out for lunch – just don’t drink too much, we’ve still got work to finish today, ha-ha”. Millie was overwhelmed by the warmth of her new colleagues. As she was gathering her things Mrs Jones, the PA to the boss called her aside. “Hi Millie, have a great lunch – but please can you make sure that this contract gets to Hudson and Moores before 4pm”, “Yes, no problem Mrs Jones”.

They all trotted off to the local Italian restaurant where a few bottles of prosecco got opened. Millie wasn’t a big drinker but took a glass, and asked for some water. As she was chatting to the others her glass got refilled a few times, so she kept drinking water. As the main courses arrived so did some merlot and more glasses were poured. The mains were cleared away and a delicious Tiramisu arrived, along with limoncello and strong expresso... Millie realised she felt a little tipsy so was happy to drink an extra coffee.

She was just about to excuse herself when the senior member said “Taxis are here, let’s go” Millie thought, oh well – I’ll just go when I get back to office. In the taxi Millie checked her watch – it was 3.30pm – Oh No she thought – the contract!

She rushed into her office, past the needed toilet and tried to phone a courier firm. All were unable to get to her in time. When on the phone one suggested taking a cab to deliver it herself. Yes she thought she could do that... Giving herself a quick squeeze she called a cab firm. “Sorry love, in this traffic we couldn’t get you there in time… Unless you get one of our motorcycle taxis”

“Yes” Millie exclaimed – can you get one as soon as possible. She grabbed the document and headed for the toilet, hoping for a quick pee, but at the door her phone buzzed “your taxi is here”... “I’ll just have to hold it”, she thought.

She took the helmet offered to her and got on the back of the bike, noticing that the rider was very good looking. “Well, this might be fun she thought”...

The bike cut through traffic quickly, but what she hadn’t factored in was the vibrations of the bike on her swollen bladder…. “Hold it Hold it” she thought. But she was reaching her limit… she could feel a dribble escaping into her knickers. Through the blue tooth helmet speaker she asked the rider if he could pull over as she was very desperate… “Sorry, you’ll never be there before 4 if I do... your choice”... “Keep going” she said, praying he would go as fast as he could…

With the leaning, the vibrations and fact her legs were spread meant that she was having a really bad time. Tears were rolling down her face. She knew that she was very near her limit... but could lose her job if she missed the deadline. Once again she checked whether there was a way to stop, the rider just repeated. “But I’m going to pee” she exclaimed… and with that her bladder gave out... she was peeing full force soaking her skirt, tights and the leathers of the rider she was clutching. “I’m so sorry I’m so sorry... I couldn’t wait” she cried. “Let’s just get you there” the rider replied.

They arrived at Hudson and Moores at 3.55pm... luckily her accident wasn’t that noticeable in her all black attire but she sheepishly went through the doors… Where the waiting receptionist said “Oh this is early, we didn’t need it til Monday 4pm”… Millie slunk out feeling humiliated. The rider was leaning against his bike – “come on let’s take you home and get you cleaned up” he said. Once again she apologised... he replied... “Well it might be wrong, but it was actually quite hot, and I wouldn’t mind if you needed to pee more on the way back”….

*002*2017-11-15 18:46

{{39 minutes ago, Klotz1796 said:

Hehe, great story - and Millie is welcome on the back of my bike any time she likes ?

}}

Thanks for the inspiration

*004*2017-11-16 14:02

{{1 hour ago, Manowar said:

I like it. Thanks for this story.

}}

Thanks... i started writing it at 8/10 and was 9.5 by the end .... glad you enjoyed

