Christmas Train

Author: Uniee

*000*2017-12-07 17:35

It was a few days before Christmas and all the staff at the office were taken to the golf club in the next town for the annual Christmas meal.

The boss had bought everyone train tickets so no one had to drive. The evening was another fun one, with free flowing wine on the tables, and the inevitable shots and extra drinks after the meal. At 11 all the staff trooped off to the train station ready for their homeward train, before she left Hannah thought she should pop to the loo, but the queue was really long and she saw some of her colleagues looking furtively at their watches trying to gauge the time left to wait. Hannah thought she'd just go at the station, no biggie. Many of the girls from the office felt the same so they headed off.

Upon reaching the station Hannah was dismayed to see the toilets had been closed due a "drunken incident" earlier in the day. She heard the groans of some of her colleagues but Hannah thought "I'm a big girl, I can hold it" . Mary from accounts already looked close to losing it, especially as Barry was taking a pee against the wall - but a security guard approached and made Barry stop (unfortunately due to all the beer Barry had drunk there was a distinct wet spot in his jeans)

The train pulled up and Hannah gasped in relief at the thought of sitting down and crossing her legs. The train station tannoy now announced "due to an earlier cancellation this train will house passengers from the 10.50 and 11.10".. "oh no, I hope I can get a seat" Hannah thought. She pushed her way on the train, and was upset to see all the seats were taken, but the Ian from her team called her over. "Hi Hannah, busy isn't it" she agreed, "Well, if you want you could sit on my lap".. Hannah was reluctant, she fancied Ian but didn't want him to see her in her predicament. But the train was getting more and more packed, Hannah was being bumped into regularly and was scared of leaking. So she took Ian up on his offer.

Hannah felt a slight relief sitting down, as Ian's knee put some pressure on her pee hole, but now she couldn't jig. Ian was nursing his own problem, he also needed to pee, but the feeling of Hannah in his lap was arousing other feelings too.

The train started trundling to its next station, Ian held Hannah close. "Are you ok, you seem quiet" Ian asked... Hannah decided to be open "I'm dying for a wee, there wasn't time at the golf club and the station toilets were closed".. "me too" replied Ian "I was about to unleash when Barry got caught".. Hannah was surprisingly turned on my this thought.

The train shuddered to a halt "APOLOGIES LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THERE IS A SIGNAL FAILURE AHEAD, WE WILL BE HERE FOR 10 MINS"

There were groans from many passengers, local trains do not have toilets, and many people were in need of relief.

Hannah bit her lip thinking she wasn't sure she could last ten minutes, she whispered as much to Ian. He agreed it would be hard. Suddenly she heard a gasp, a cry, and water dripping.. Mary had lost her battle and pee was pouring from her slacks, Barry also groaned as his wet spot got bigger.

Many passengers were openly holding themselves and doing pee dances. Hannah shivered as she felt a dribble of pee inch down her urethra. "Ian, I can't hold it, I'll have to stand up" Ian replied "I've just dribbled too, look, you are wearing a black skirt, I am wearing black jeans... it looks like neither of us will make it. An accident would be less noticeable sat down so why don't we do it together". Hannah looked at Ian with wide eyes.. "What, pee on your lap" but as she spoke Mother Nature took hold, even the thought of peeing made her bladder completely relax... Hannah was peeing full force and she could feel Ian shuddering as he too relaxed. He took her face in his hands and kissed her. They peed for minutes, and the seat and both of their clothes were soaked but none of the passengers seemed to notice.

Hannah sighed with absolute relief and no small amount of excitement as she could feel Ian harden beneath her. He whispered in her ear "my flat is next to the station we could clean up there"... The train started up again..

Hannah and Ian sat in their puddle just imagining what else the night could bring...

*002*2017-12-07 18:09

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thanks.... I was discussing lap wetting the other day and this scenario certainly floated my boat.. even better when you write it whilst holding..

*005*2017-12-07 21:20

{{Just now, largebio said:

Great story. Would’ve loved to be in Ians place

}}

I'd quite like to be hannah

*007*2017-12-08 15:03

{{11 hours ago, Manowar said:

Very nice story. I would be appreciated if some female wet herself on my lap. Did you also have your "Ian"?

}}

Unfortunately not a true story

*010*2017-12-10 20:09

{{24 minutes ago, homeanddry said:

I don't often visit this section, but the title grabbed my attention. I love the scenario, just so much potential. I'm often around (usually working, not drinking!) when the last trains are leaving the main station in the city at weekends, and the quantity of drinks combined with a long-ish train journey and toilets that rarely last long before becoming unusable - I'm sure this story plays itself out (with different endings perhaps) many, many times each week...

}}

Oooo yes.. it's a great place to see squirming

*013*2017-12-14 12:06

{{On 10/12/2017 at 9:36 PM, QueenDivine said:

Pretty good. I like it.

}}

{{13 hours ago, New_Macca said:

Fantastic story I’d so love to experience that as would most of us I’m sure

}}

Thanks ?

*015*2017-12-14 16:31

{{1 hour ago, Aaron said:

Loved it. Rings some bells - desperate trail rides home after Christmas nights out.

My company is really cunning though. Last Christmas do I was on was nowhere near public transport so most people had to drive - this saved the company loads on the drinks bill. As I don't drive I got a lift, and with all the house wine left on the tables I became the designated drinker.

}}

Yup... always great time for drunken desperation... my place has them on weeknights, with no holidays next day ?

