Bursting School Day Bladders!

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-07-10 02:44

I am reposting a previous story I posted earlier. I have made corrections to this story and hopefully it doesn't violate the rules of this site. Everyone involved in pee desperation is an 18-year old senior or older. It is long but it is worth reading. It has multiple wettings and desperation arcs. The main focus is the protagonist Ashlynn Avalon. She is 18 years old. Please leave a comment below with respect and positive critiquing. Also, there is no torture or acts of violence against anyone. No one got hurt nor was there blood and gore. There is mention of a sucker punch which was made against a wall and not a student. No one got hurt! And no one was roofied or drugged! Reading the story you will see it was ONLY ACCIDENTAL consumption of diuretic pills. Nothing more. If there are other concerns, just please let me know! I am happy to read whatever specific concerns and errors exist. That includes the moderators giving input. If I can fix it I will! Just tell me.

The main storyline below:

Plot: It was another cool 50°F Thursday in the month of April with the same high-pressure system hovering above. The cloud cover consisted of puffy white clouds appearing as tasty cotton candy set in the morning sky. The sky was awash with turquoise to the west diluting the dark navy of the former night sky. To the east, the sky blazed a scarlet color due to the ascendancy of the morning sun. It rose to brighten and warm this side of the Earth once kept dark and cold by the starlit sky. The birds chirped and glided in the beautifully painted sky starting their flight runs for the day. The grass, still chilled but not deterred by the leftover cold weather winds. The wind blew gently as it calmly caressed the grassy vegetation and flowers grasping for sunlight. After all, they needed breakfast for the day.

For this fiction, we will focus on a small stretch of Holden Avenue. Specifically, it was the bustle and bustle at Nolan James High School. Classes start at 7:30 and it was now 7:27 am. Last minute arrivals were clambering their way into the building and stop by their locker before going to class. One of those students was a female running frantically and awkwardly to school. She was on the opposite side of the street, waiting for the traffic to ease up, bobbing up and down while standing in one spot. It was the 18-year-old senior Ashlynn Avalon.

Although she lived a quarter of a mile away, you would have thought she could make it even by foot. It was only half an hour walking from her home to the school. Something caused this girl to arrive almost late, but what? And why was she holding her skirt while bending forward? She bobbed up and down, waiting for the cars and buses to pass by. "Damn traffic! I hope it lets up asap." She thought to herself. Car after car drove by as parents left from dropping their child or children to school. Buses also departed to their depot or other routes.

A gust of wind ruffled the vegetation, and of course Ashlynn. She whimpered and held down the front and back of her skirt. She didn't want anyone to see. After 30 seconds, the traffic light turned red, stopping traffic from moving both ways. The "walk" symbol was displayed allowing Ashlynn to cross over the cross walk. She walked as fast as possible while keeping her thighs pressed against each other. With only two minutes left, Ashlynn had to move quickly before time ran out. "At last!" Ashlynn cried out as she crossed the road and onto campus property.

By this point, the time was 7:28 am and still only two minutes left. She had to get to her locker, then first period class. And fast! The corridors were clearing up as first period drew closer, but there was still a significant density of students and staff. She went through the front entrance which was closest to her. Inside, the hallway was filled with students from every direction. Some walked upstairs while other went downstairs. Some entered the main office while others left. And others journeyed through the hallway going in either direction. In every direction, there was a gradient of students. It was impossible to travel against it, much like it was impossible to swim against the current. Assimilating into either direction meant moving fast and with the gradient, which Ashlynn couldn't easily do at this time.

She moved in quick small steps and awkwardly too, which meant possibly being pushed or shoved, or stepped on. In addition, her shoe heels made walking even more problematic. Each step felt like mini thuds which vibrated up her legs and to her abdomen. Ashlynn winced as she moved, feeling immense distress from her lower abdomen. Ashlynn felt the instinctual temptation to hold her crotch, but she was fighting this urge. Ashlynn had to get to her first class and fast. She only had two minutes left and being late wasn’t an option. She made the right and continued walking down the corridor, staying to the right of the corridor. It helped for staying out of the way of other students in a hurry. One bump was all it took for catastrophe. But what could that be?

Room after room she passed by as quickly as she could. But Ashlynn, already frantic and stressed out, wondered when she would reach the end of this corridor. "Man, this is so long. I wish they made pre-calculus closer to the main entrance.” At one point, she stopped walking and walked in one place. Ashlynn winced in pain while keeping her thighs pressed tightly and holding her crotch. Ashlynn was in trouble as she was fighting to hold back something. Even clenching her teeth wasn’t helping. Ashlynn, tired and fatigued, strained to hold back some sort of catastrophe.

She stood there for 30 seconds trying to prevent this unknown catastrophe. Her heart raced and her breathing labored during her anxious and frantic state. She looked around only to see students and classrooms. Not a single restroom could be seen due to the traffic. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmm." Ashlynn moaned. "Damn soda and coffee. I wish I didn't drink so much last night and this morning." Ashlynn mumbled to herself. Ashlynn was severely bursting to urinate BIG TIME! However, she didn’t have time for this. It was now 7:29 am and almost time for class.

After 20 seconds, Ashlynn her urge subsided a little allowing her to catch her breath. Each inhale and exhale were done heavily, and with great exertion. Her chest was kept somewhat impeded due to forcing her lower abdomen inward from straining to hold it. After another 10 seconds, she kept up her staggered rapid steps towards the end of the hallway. Poor Ashlynn tried to beat the flow of time but as fast as she was moving, she felt the time slipping away. Luckily, she was much closer to her locker by now. And the end of corridor stairwell.

Ashlynn had only about 35 seconds left before class started. She would have to share a textbook with another classmate this time. She didn’t want to be late again and face yet another angry fit by her teacher. The rest of the way to the stairwell was like the previous parts of the corridor. It was a minefield/death trap from a war zone/mummy trap. Students ran from one classroom to another while students ran from their lockers to their classrooms. There was every opportunity to be bumped into. Avoiding them at all costs was a must. But who was the pre-calculus teacher for the 12th grade? It was Mrs. Kay.

Mrs. Kay was the school's top high school math teacher and a real Professor Snape (without redeeming qualities). She was known for her punctuality, stern, strict and apathetic behavior towards the student body. What she taught the student had to know. Mrs. Kay taught using the 'gold-old-fashioned' chalk board and speaking while chalk writing. Mrs. Kay expected the class to keep up and not ask every two seconds about what was spoken. If you missed something she spoke or wrote, 'oh well!' Mrs. Kay didn't believe in stopping every time a student needed her to repeat something.

Mrs. Kay didn't use PowerPoint lectures to prevent 'coddling' the students. She felt it was a waste of trees and spoils the students. It was common for some students to not pay attention in class and instead looked at the printout of the lecture. Mrs. Kay didn't tolerate such disrespect and waste of her time. By no means was Mrs. Kay pro-environmental. She just didn’t care to waster her supply of paper to make several copies of the same lecture. Mrs. Kay didn't believe in extra credit. You want to succeed you pay attention in class and read the chapters. The proof came in the homework and tests. You reap what you sow!

Three things above else that Mrs. Kay hated the most was irresponsibility. Mrs. Kay was not patient and expected to start on time without fail. She hated starting late, unless there was a fire drill, lock down drill, or some other serious matter. Under normal circumstances, class began at a certain time on time without fail. And all students had to show up on time too. If a student came late, it was considered a distraction for her. Not only that, but such students had a habit of asking what they missed. Her responses were the usual caustic, unfriendly sharp comments. It wasn’t totally unwarranted, but her attitude in general was a reason for students to want to miss some of class. They didn’t want to be around her.

The next thing she hated was being asked for school notes and homework. She expected students in high school to know how to be responsible for making up the work. She didn't like being bothered having to repeat herself. It was one thing if you arrived late due to some emergency, such as the school bus or being in a car driven by the parent was hit by another driver and the student’s parent or bus driver calls in to let the main office know of being late. That way, the teachers could be informed of tardiness for an actual reason. Sleeping late and waking up late wasn’t a good reason.

The last and final thing she hated was a total disregard for doing the work. As a high school teacher, she expected the students to be more capable of handling heavy workload. Mrs. Kay gave lots of reading and homework to prevent claiming not enough practice. Plus, she knew how teenagers can get into trouble when there is nothing to do. She felt the extra work would give the "hormone-filled youths" something to do (other than texting, Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram; hanging out at night, and other trouble). Mrs. Kay spoke sharply and apathetically to whiners complaining about too much homework on top of their already busy schedule.

Whenever a student made that complaint, her response was "That is life. It's filled with many responsibilities, and it’s up you [the student] to find the time to get it done!" or "If that is your schedule, then you'd better get started! Use your study hall period or lunch period!". Even having work after school wasn't enough a reason. Mrs. Kay had it out for a couple of students over the years for one or two issues. But she definitely had it out for Ashlynn big time! Ashlynn was the only student to be tardy several times, to complain about PowerPoint lectures, to ask for extra credit, and whine about the workload.

Ashlynn's first experience with Mrs. Kay occurred this school year. On the first day of precalculus class, Mrs. Kay spoke in her usual tough and blunt manner about the school year. "This is 12th grade mathematics and being in this grade means high expectations. No nonsense, no whining, and no holding your hand. Today we will be learning about precalculus and its applications in the real world. Precalculus is about" when suddenly a student came running into the classroom and interrupting Mrs. Kay. "Sorry I'm late Mrs. Kay. Traffic was a nightmare (not false but not the full truth either). You know how it is. So, what's the first lesson?" this student asked. Mrs. Kay stood there in utter shock and appall at this student. The whole class stood there looking at this one student.

The student rummaged through her book bag still speaking "Where is it where is it ... damn it oh here it is." She took out her notebook and tossed it on the desk. Another student tapped the tardy student on the arm and pointed to Mrs. Kay. This student turned around to see her teacher with the dirtiest and scariest look ever. Mrs. Kay walked slowly and sternly over to the poor fool that just offended her. The student, seeing the expression on her teacher's face, had this intimidated and nervous look on her face.

"What's your name?" Mrs. Kay sharply asked the student. The student, gulped, then replied "M-my n-name is Ashlynn Avalon." Mrs. Kay looked at Ashlynn, then spoke. "Miss Avalon! Do you realize what time it is? DON'T SPEAK! That was rhetorical! Whether it is 1, 2, or 5 minutes late it's still late. And lateness isn't tolerated, especially someone of your grade level. By now you should know how to show up on time. Not only that, but you disrupted my class time. My time! And you know what that means?" Mrs. Kay said. Ashlynn stood there feeling so small and afraid, gulped once. She didn't know what to say and if she could say it.

"This is my time to teach and you to listen. I have lots to teach on this day and in this semester. Therefore, I expect to start on time everyday 7:30 am sharp! Not a minute before nor after! And it's 7:33 am now because I must discipline you like a small child. Utterly disgraceful. See me after my lesson is done, which might be done after the bell rings to end this period. And don't whine to me about being late for your next class. You will leave when I say so." Mrs. Kay snapped. She turned back to the class and started her lecture. Ashlynn sat down quietly and carefully.

As for the end of class, she spent 3 minutes past the end of class to allow her teacher to finish her lecture. Even after the lecture was finished, Mrs. Kay kept the tardy urchin even longer (while letting the rest of class leave) to 'speak' with her. Plus, she wrote Ashlynn up to the school principal. From then on, she understood what rude awakening she would have to endure for this second half of her senior semester. Ashlynn learned she had to be timely or else face her wrath of her new math teacher.

Besides the basic math operations, fraction, decimals, rations, measurements, and basic elementary geometry, she was terrible in math. During her years in middle school, Ashlynn earned a low final grade point average due to her low grades in math. Even in high school, Ashlynn did terribly in math except for her math in everyday life class. Algebra, trigonometry, and other high math was alphabet soup to her. It required her to think outside the box which overtaxed her mind. It also didn’t help that some of her math teachers weren’t great. The only math teacher she knew was the most helpful was her 3rd grade math teacher Mrs. Sigma.

This same problem was just as prevalent in her pre-calculus class too. Her teacher had it out for her and gave lots of homework. Her lectures were quick, and she rarely stopped lecturing (even for a second) to allow the students to keep up. There was only 45 minutes in a period, but still. Mrs. Kay also had it out for Ashlynn too. It made it hard to learn well in this class for Ashlynn and do the homework proficiently. Plus, her nerdy brainy friend couldn’t always help due to her own responsibilities. The workload involved reading a few (but very long) chapters a week, keep up with her lectures, and do lots of homework. The homework involved showing all the work for each math problem and typing chapter summaries for each chapter.

The summaries had to be shown in Microsoft Word, not handwritten. Mrs. Kay knew handwritten work can be erased or changed. But typed work showed exactly what was done. Plus, typed work was much more neat than hand-written work. Ashlynn hated taking the tedious time to do all this on top of her other assignments. She always ended up staying up late into the night for the math homework and some of the other homework. The rest had to be done during her lunch break or free period. She couldn't do her homework after school hours either. Like most seniors, she had to contribute towards expenses.

Since August of last year (following passing her junior year), Ashlynn found employment at a local mall department store to help pay for the rent. Her single mother Avana Avalon worked two jobs already to pay for the expenses. Her primary job was at a pharmaceutical company 15 miles away into the city. Her hours started early in the morning and ended after 5 pm. The commute back was a nightmare due to rush hour traffic which took 96 minutes-drive home. On the weekends, she worked her remote home data entry job for a local firm here in town. And yet, the income she brought was still not enough to cover the rising cost of rent thanks to new tax laws and an apathetic landlord.

Now Ashlynn had to earn a living to pay for at least a tenth of the rent. The job she had required her to work from 3:00 pm until about 8:30 pm. That left little time for doing her homework and studying. Lately her manager required all the staff to work late due to a shortage of workforce. A few coworkers weren't available for work for various reasons. A few left their job for higher education, one retired, and two got into a serious car accident. They wouldn't be returning until after a few months. Because of this, at times she had to work until 9:45 pm. After punching out, she had to wait another 10 minutes before being picked up by her mother. Avana didn’t want her child coming home at night alone.

It was this reason Ashlynn woke up late and came to her first day of precalculus late. It wasn't the last time either. Sometimes she was tired from work and didn't finish her assignments, especially the time consuming and boring assignments. At times, that included her math homework. Sometimes, Ashlynn couldn't think straight or stay awake. On one occasion, she struggled to stay awake and end up falling asleep on her desk. Ashlynn tried her best to stay awake despite constantly falling asleep even for a few seconds.

However, one time she fell asleep and missed 15 minutes of the lecture. Mrs. Kay rudely woke her up and snapped at her. Mrs. Kay was so furious and didn’t want to hear Ashlynn’s side of the story. She tried to defend her position which only out her in more hot water. "Don't take that tone with me you disrespectful brat. That's it young lady we are going to the Principal's Office for your behavior and your rampant disrespect in my class. Ashlynn replied, "But I'm not the only one to show up a little late or come short in class.”

Mrs. Kay was livid and utterly fed up. Her face was beet red, and she had a punishment suitable for the whole class. "Then perhaps our school Principal should speak with this class and other classes after I report you. It seems I have been too nice. Everyone, 10 points off your next test already and more homework. For each word problem, write the whole work and a paragraph explaining the work. Plus, each poorly written chapter summary will result in 2.5 points taken off your next test. And you’re spending your lunch and study hall period with me for the next two weeks!” The whole class, including Ashlynn, was shocked by this. For the rest of the semester, the whole class hated Ashlynn who became the talk of the school as the newest bad student. She was now personal non grata.

During her detention, she had to perform difficult math problems on the chalk board. Or she had to write 'I will not arrive late or disrespect Mrs. Kay again!' for the whole period. And it had to be done whether she was tired or not. And it didn't matter whether she had to urinate or defecate. This teacher was determined to make her suffer. And worse, the school Principal voiced his disappointment plus disgust for her behavior. The principal Mr. Calhoun phoned her mother too. Even her own mother was disappointed in her daughter. She did know how hard it was for Ashlynn.

But she couldn’t afford to take Ashlynn to another school. And she knew how immature her daughter was when it came to math. "Ashlynn you can't be mouthing off only to get expelled. I can't afford you to stay another year in another high school. I will make sure you get up on time. But you must do your work and pay attention." Ashlynn had no choice but to comply and stay out of trouble. It was hard on them due to the landlord and high cost of price in their town. But they couldn't move at this time. And Avana needed Ashlynn to finish school to continue working.

Back to the main story line (the present). Ashlynn had only 35 seconds left before class. In addition, Mrs. Kay wanted the chapter summaries for this week. Ashlynn stayed up until almost midnight summarizing chapters 12-14 from her huge textbook. And boy did it weight a ton. But she had to make it or else. There was no room for error. After 10 seconds, she made it to the stairwell. “Finally!” she thought as she could just make it up the stairs and get to class. Suddenly a loud noise permeated the whole school. It sounded off in all directions.

"Oh not this again. I can't show up late again. She's going to kill me-aaaaaaahhhh." Ashlynn was in serious distress trying to hold back the impending flood of doom, but now was not the time to seek relief. Ashlynn had to leave the building because of another fire drill. As per school policy, everyone (school staff and students) had to evacuate the school building during a fire drill. No one was to remain in the classroom or any of the restrooms. In the event of a real fire, the school building was off limits period! Ashlynn was not only caught off guard, but annoyed and bursting. Ashlynn had no choice but to join another class. As per school policy, she had to join with her class or another class and report to that teacher. When the main office staff would take attendance, that student would be reported to the appropriate teacher.

The nearest class was the Italian language class taught by Mrs. Giordano. Ashlynn went over to her (trying not to show her desperation) and reported herself plus which class she was to attend at this time as usual. The class walked to the nearest exit and went outsides in the breezy morning environment. Ashlynn walked in the back of the class and tried to keep up. She tried not to show her desperation in front of anyone. All she could do was put her hands on her abdomen. Once outside, Mrs. Giordano’s class stood outside a safe distance from the school building.

Students and teachers kept pouring out from the building, finding safety from the supposed fire. The alarm kept sounding incessantly for the danger of a fire. Slowly but steadily, the building was emptied from the first floor to the third floor It usually took about 2 minutes to clear out the building followed by 2 more minutes for additional attendance. Ashlynn's only concern was to avoid Mrs. Kay’s anger and eventually use the girl’s room. She stood there trying not to show her desperation and the danger she was in. But standing up straight was just impossible.

She kept her legs pressed tightly together, wincing, and softly moaning as she fought another wave of desperation. It didn't help being outside in this cold weather threatening to cause an accident. The wind chill added to the cold feeling outside.

(after 7 minutes)

It was now 7:37 am and still now word to re-enter the building. The alarm took 4 minutes to sound off (2 more than usual). Now they stood outside waiting for permission to go back inside the warmer building. It was very quiet except for the whispers of some students, school staff and the Principal. "Was everything okay? Was there a fire? Did someone get hurt?" No one had a clue. Attendance was taken and reported as full. The sun kept rising, shining brightly, as a golden beacon in the heavens outshining the once starry night. Even the moon was no competition to the sun. Some students were unaffected by the breezy weather while others hugged and rubbed themselves to stay warm.

Ashlynn was one of those students, still bursting and cold. She didn't have a jacket from leaving out the door in a hurry. In her mind, Ashlynn pleaded for things to end and allow her back inside the school. "How long will this take? I have to pee so bad. O I wish I went before going to bed last night." The urge to urinate kept coming back and her urethra kept throbbing. Each time she felt the urge disappear it came back and more slightly more intense. It didn't help that a cool breeze was making her shudder. Ashlynn could feel her pent-up ocean slowly ooze its way close to the exit corridor of her urethra.

All it took right now was one big shudder to make her relax and out comes the unstoppable flood. At one point the breeze nearly lifted her skirt on the back. Luckily, Ashlynn caught it in time. Although she tried not to make a show, Ashlynn couldn't help but bob up and down, keeping her legs pressed against each other, and keep her hands pressed against her area between her legs. When will this end? When can she return inside the building? These thoughts permeated her mind while she was outside. Finally, at 7:43 am, word was given to return inside the building. One by one, everyone began going back inside and to their classes. Ashlynn joined the Italian class back inside the school building.

Ashlynn walked carefully as each thud against the ground sent vibrations upwards. She could feel her ocean slosh around as it crashed against her bladder and the muscles beneath. They felt like ocean waves crashing against the shore creating a feeling of pins and needles. Or like the jabs at the palace door by an angry mob of people like those in France 1789. Not a good day for King Louis VI and Marie Antoinette! Once inside, Ashlynn made a left for the stairwell. Ashlynn had to walk with the gradient of students making their way upstairs too.

It was hard for her to walk up those steps and quickly due to her predicament. Each step, each vibration, all caused her ocean to slosh around, and her outer defenses to quiver. One person behind her heckled her to move faster. "Impatient jerk!" she thought. Half the flight of stairs was 15 steps which meant one flight was 30 steps. You can imagine the tribulation. Ashlynn walked quickly while hunched and awkwardly. And walking while limiting her breathing wasn't helpful. While it was instinctual to put her hands in her crotch, making a spectacle was out of the question. Furthermore, she kept one hand on the back of her skirt the whole way up. "Stupid school! We pay so much in school taxes to our district and they can't attach a few elevators."

Ashlynn hated traveling up the stairs when she had to go. Today wasn't the first time she felt a need to go while going up the stairs. And since skirts were short it was possible a boy or two might see what a girl is wearing. There was always that one moron male who tries to look up a girl’s skirt. At last, the final step on the second floor was obtained. She already had her right foot on the top step (therefore the second floor), when suddenly an impatient student pushed Ashlynn aside. "Whoa!" she whimpered as her balance was disrupted. Ashlynn managed to catch her balance by grabbing the hallway doors, standing to one side. No one bothered to check if she was okay and just kept walking forward. Ashlynn stood there holding the door and her face turned away from the crowd of students.

Her face was beet red from what just happened. Amid losing her balance, she almost had an accident. Thank goodness it wasn’t much worse. She did feel a dribble escape her and ooze down the middle. Ashlynn allowed the crowd of students to finish passing by until the hallway was clear. She couldn't take another jostling by an impatient jerk. Hopefully the coast would clear up enough she could continue her trek to her classroom, which honestly, was two doors away on the right. Ashlynn kept her left leg in front of the right leg trying to keep it closed.

After about 30 seconds, the hallway became less dense and safe enough for Ashlynn to keep moving. She hurried over as fast as she could. Ashlynn didn't see her class walk by and assumed perhaps they didn’t return yet. However, she would learn her assumption was wrong. As soon as she walked inside, she stopped to see her teacher was already speaking her lesson. This wasn't good for Ashlynn. Mrs. Kay's back was turned towards the doorway, giving her time to quickly find a seat. Furthermore, she hoped her teacher wouldn't notice she just arrived.

She looked around for an empty desk and seat. A student in the first row pointed to a desk in the back still vacant. Ashlynn hurried as fast as she could before her teacher turned around. Sadly, her fortune became misfortune as her name was thundered. "Miss Avalon!". Ashlynn flinched from being startled by her teacher, dribbling yet again. This time, the dribble merged with the previous dribble and a droplet fell to the floor. Ashlynn slowly turned to face Mrs. Kay who was already annoyed by the drill and now by the same student that appeared late again. Ashlynn knew what was coming next and still tried to pretend she just made it. "G-good morning-" "GOOD MORNING! Really? I dare say not for it's a terrible morning." Mrs. Kay snapped Ashlynn tried to speak but she was cut off again.

Ashlynn, on the verge of an accident, trying to hold back the ocean made worse by her fight or flight response. She managed to hold back the growing ocean inside her. Poor Ashlynn didn't have time to wipe or relieve herself. But her focus now was trying not to have an accident while making it through what was to happen next. The whole class was silent as they awaited what fresh hell Ashlynn caused now for being late again. You would have thought the teacher would move on and not let this get to her. Ashlynn did just arrive more or less on time. But nope! Mrs. Kay wasn’t letting this go.

"I don't know what to do about you. I just don't know with you. You have been warned what would happen if you came late and still you can't make it on time ........ I can't do this anymore. Please see me after class with your chapter summary. Now .... sit down!" Mrs. Kay spoke sternly. Ashlynn shakily sat down while Mrs. Kay continued her lecture. It was now 7:52 am and the class ended at 8:15 am. Ashlynn had to endure about half an hour of what seemed to be Greek. The lesson focused on deriving the slope for logarithmic equations. "As I have discussed, logarithmic graphs either follow base 10 or the constant e. For base 10 we wrote log10(x) or lne(×)."

Ashlynn tried her best to focus on the lecture and look like she was writing notes in her notebook. Mrs. Kay kept looking in her direction making sure she wasn't being ignored. She wrote in quick sentences to eventually one-line sentences, and the graphs were also being drawn quickly. Ashlynn had one hand on her notebook while the other was clutching her front to better hold it. Worse off, she had to sit in her damp skirt. She felt dirty and uncomfortable. But there was nothing she could do right now. Her bladder was becoming more distended as more fluid was dumped into it. Where was it all coming from? Why was her body dumping all this extra fluid into her bladder? Her predicament only made Ashlynn more restless, shifting in her seat and knocking her knees together.

With time, she could no longer hold her pencil properly. Her notes became scribble that wasn't legible. The faster she wrote her notes down the less organized they became. Ashlynn missed certain things while misspelling others. Her notes were filled with cross outs, chicken scratch, and sloppily drawn graphs. Ashlynn leaned forward wincing and holding herself more so than taking notes. She instinctively began crossing one leg over another, and vice versa. But even that was making things worse, not better. Several times she had to stop writing to hold herself because her need became overwhelming.

It felt a combination of a dam facing extreme pressure and a palace door banged on by a mob of angry dissidents. It was incessant throbbing at the exit corridor. Ashlynn was already tired from last night and her body (rudely awakened for school) was still tired. She longed for the lesson to be over soon before the flood broke through. No. She longed to go home and sleep for the day. For Ashlynn time couldn't move any slower as it trailed by at a snail's pace. What's a girl to do when she must unleash her golden ocean? And there was no way she was going to ask for permission for the bathroom from the likes of Mrs. Kay.

(after 12 minutes)

It was now 8:10 am and now Ashlynn couldn't wait for the period to end. She wanted to make a quick b-line out of the classroom. Ashlynn was holding herself more often, unable to pay attention at all. "As you can see here" Mrs. Kay said as she explained another graph. She walked towards everyone's left as she spoke. Amid teaching, Mrs. Kay closed the door to the classroom in anticipation by Ashlynn. But Mrs. Kay saw Ashlynn look at the clock. "This won't go her way" she thought. Mrs. Kay made it clear she wanted to see that disrespectful, tardy urchin after class.

Ashlynn felt trapped by this barracuda of a teacher seeing no way out for her now. "Mmmmmmh .... mmmmmmh" whimpered Ashlynn, breathing hard trying to hold it. She shifted the position of her feet, putting her knees together, her calves shaking as she fidgeted in her seat. "Why won't this teacher get off my back?". It would be another 5 minutes before at last, the bell rang ending the first period. But Mrs. Kay kept the class another two minutes to finish her lecture and prevent the escape of her target.

"Hold on! I have two more minutes. Stop whining. This is 12 the grade. I will say when you leave. Not a stupid bell." Mrs. Kay continued her lecture for the next 2 minutes more about logarithmic functions and determining how to calculate intercepts. The rest of the class had to sit there and listen, hating Ashlynn again. Even the student who helped her out was annoyed, but felt this time was unnecessary. Two minutes later the lesson was done.

"And that's the end of this week's lecture on logarithmic functions. You have to perform problems 1-19, 22, 24-29, and 32 from chapter 5 of your textbooks. Class dismissed." Ashlynn like other students began putting her books away. It was hard to bend down with a distended bladder that also pushed down against her urethra. But her suffering wasn't over for Mrs. Kay approached her. Mrs. Kay had this dirty stern look to her. Those eyes were black as the callous swirling void within a black hole. There was nothing but darkness and the apathy that crushed all life and hope of escape.

Ashlynn couldn't think of anything to say. "I have had enough of your tardiness and disregard towards me. You are no senior. You are a child with no sense of respect nor discipline. Don't give me excuses. This is my time wasted due to your tardiness, and you haven't learned anything. Your grades are atrocious with your 70's and your homework answers are pathetic. Don’t tell me you tried. I am done with you, you incorrigible nightmare. Give me your chapter ... no don't bother. It's not worth grading. Now ... get out!" Ashlynn got up and left.

Ashlynn didn’t waste time for the bathroom. She had to go badly and didn’t think she could wait longer. She made her way to the middle of the corridor stairwell bathroom. But once she was a few steps away, she was met by a line of seniors. Ashlynn decided to try the one on the third floor. That meant having to make the trek up the stairs again. She sucked in more air to make the journey. Luckily, she wasn’t heckled or jostled. Again, each step she took was torture. She could feel the ocean sloshing inside herself. It all added to her wave of desperation and her frantic state of mind. Ashlynn had to hold on. She did have half a mind of letting it go here and now. Her class was 5 doors away and near the middle stairwell.

Once on the third floor, she was met by her next period teacher, Mr. Gable. He wasn't as strict or harsh as Mrs. Kay, but he also expected punctuality from seniors. Ashlynn looked at her wrist-watch to see only 20 seconds left. She had to pick up the pace before risking another tardiness. "Hi Ashlynn. Listen I have to go to the main office. I'll be back in 5 minutes. The Do Now problem is on the marker board. While waiting for me get ... oh that's the bell. Just get started while you wait for me." Mr. Gable said, then walked away.

Ashlynn was presented a chance to check out the girl's room and come out. She limped into the bathroom and went to check for a stall. The first stall was taken while another senior girl used the urinal. It was one of those urinals that went down to the ground level. Ashlynn hated those due to lack of privacy. There was another stall vacant and accessible. 'Thank gawd. Relief!" Ashlynn cried staggering inside. But she was to be disappointed again. The seat was covered with wet toilet paper. Plus, the toilet bowl was filled to the brim because someone stuffed too much paper and tried to flush. Even worse was the lack of toilet paper. "I can't use this stall!"

Ashlynn was defeated again. "What happens here? Why can't I just go pee?" she thought. Ashlynn had no choice but to leave the bathroom and go to her class. Her situation was worsening but she wasn't prepared to openly urinate. Besides the door could open any time and the view would be something for anyone still passing by. It was now 8:21 am and still the stall was occupied. (Side joke! Her ocean is gold! Too bad she can't get rich from it!) She had no choice but to sit down and wade it through. She knew full well her teacher wasn't going to allow her to make a trip for the bathroom just as he walked into class.

Ashlynn took off her backpack and put it on the ground. She crouched down to take out the appropriate books, which only added to her dilemma as last time. But it was worse now due to fighting this intense wave of desperation. The exit corridor throbbed as the wave pulsated incessantly. She desperately wanted to cup her hands over her front area to give some peace of mind. Alas, that meant drawing attention to herself and didn’t doing it. What was this unearthly urge? What was this ocean of gold? In the past, she felt desperation but not this bad. This was just unsettling and poor Ashlynn didn't know what to make of it.

Ashlynn rocked back and forth in her seat while shuffling her feet across the floor during the lesson. The lesson was on gravity and tension upon an object. "Any object held in place by ropes feels tension. The object is being pulled down by gravity. If the net force of gravity and the tension are equal, the object remains in that position unable to move in any direction in an ideal system." Mr. Gable said.

Ashlynn wasn't keen on physics either although it required far less complicated math. She wasn't math and science oriented by nature and preferred creative, artistry, and acting. Understanding the scientific concept behind how the world worked was also something she struggled with. In lamens terms, she knew that a ball thrown into their air would come down, that planets went around the sun, and a bullet moving at great speeds could do serious damage. But concepts like vectors versus scalar, calculating the strength of gravity, and particle physics would elude her a little. This class would be from 8:19 to 9:04 am.

(8:55 am)

The whole class period was spent learning how to calculate the force of tension using angles, gravity, net-force, and kinematics vectors. The force of gravity was usually described with a down arrow while tension was described with an up arrow. One of the problems was as follows.

A weight held in place by a rope, with a mass of 75 kg, and an upward tension of 700 N, held 80 m off the ground:

1. How much weight of gravity (Fg)?

2. How much is the net force?

| ----------------|

| | ⬆️ T=700N

| ● _

| m=75 kg. |

| ⬇️ Fg | H=80m

| |

Fg=? _

The whole class took a moment to answer this question. Some tried performing mathematical work to determine the answer. If the net force was equal that meant the force of tension and the force of gravity were equal. The object in the system was not going to move up or down. But if it wasn't, then the object moved in a particular direction. Of course, the star nerd of the school, Octavia Starr answered the question in no time. She was the science and math nerd of the whole school and famous for her outstanding grades. "The answers are 735.75 N and the net force is 35.75 N. The net force is not zero." Octavia said. "Very good Octavia. As always, doing superb." Mr. Gable replied.

Ashlynn didn't care for the lesson at this point. Her focus was on staying dry. Her notes were scribbles too and frantically written. She had to take the time to hold herself down there from time to time to answer her massive wave of desperation. As time passed, she just couldn’t do it anymore. She sat there holding herself and wincing. She tried to listen to this one teacher despite the subject. He was a nice man, but she just couldn’t focus. She shook her leg incessantly and shifted her feet. She tried crossing her thighs but moving only made the urge worse.

She scrunched her toes several times, as part of her nervous desperate tick. As time passed, Ashlynn shifted her feet (standing them on her toes) side to side, shaking her ankles and changing the direction of her toes. As of this moment Ashlynn was shaking her knee up and down, so quickly it presented as a minor disturbance for a few students nearby. Ashlynn tried to lessen the pressure on her urethra and the pain in her bladder, but alas it wasn’t working.

It was now 8:57 am and still only 7 minutes left. You'd think time would move faster when you're not paying attention. Today, the opposite happened when you keep looking at the clock. I wonder if it's a quantum phenomenon (double slit experiment! Hint hint!). But Ashlynn had to go now. She raised her hand for the bathroom. "Mr. Gable may I please go to the bathroom. I have to go!". Mr. Gable replied "We have about 7 minutes left. You'll just have to hold it. As I was saying …" Mr. Gable continued his lesson.

(the drug lab)

Avana Avalon (Ashlynn's mom) arrived at work, frantic as usual. Her work shift starts at 9 am, and right now she had 3 minutes left before her shift starts. Like her daughter, Avana had to find relief like crazy. She got out of her car, grabbed her purse, shut the driver's side door, locked the car doors with the alarm on, and ran towards the front entrance. "Oh gawd oh gawd" she said over and over again. She pulled out her security card, swiped it, went inside and punched in. She made a b-line for the restrooms in the back despite wearing closed toed shoes. They hurt her feet, but that wouldn't be as bad as having an accident on company property.

She burst into the ladies' room and pushed open the stall door. Once inside the stall, Avana closed the door shut. Avana proceeded to unzip and unbutton her trousers, lower it and sat on the toilet. "Aaaaaahhhhhhh" she said in relief. Her pent-up ocean jetted out and splattered underneath her. Avana didn't care that her upper thighs felt assaulted by tiny bullets latching on to her underside. Right now, the feeling of sweet relief was ecstasy. "Geez! All those coffees finally came out plus my medicine." Avana looked at her wrist-watch and chose to forgo wiping. She had one minute left. Normally, she would have done so rather than pull up her trousers, but this time was different. "I'll just have to go home and shower later."

Avana flushed and got out of the stall. She washed her hands and got out of there. Avana met with her supervisor to discuss the details of today's work. "Good-morning Mr. Supervisor. What can I do for you this morning?" Avana asked her supervisor.

(back at school)

Back at school, Ashlynn wasn't as lucky as her mother. She was struggling to hold on as her bladder pained in the last 7 minutes. Her bladder was so full and still expanding, making more room for the ever-growing ocean. She felt sick to her abdomen from holding it and the stinging feeling from her full bladder. Her mind was flooded by neurotransmitters stating it was time to go. In addition, her bladder contracted once to try to force out this ocean which only put more pressure against the exit. That meant more waves of desperation and more throbbing. It sent her brain messages too.

"Danger danger please release me from this gargantuan beast of an ocean. We can't hang on forever. Pressure reaching serious!". Ashlynn grimaced in pain begging the bell to save her from class time (get it! Saved by the Bell!"). As with precalculus class, she didn't write very much in her physics notebook. Her handwriting was atrocious due to her frantic nature and shaky hand. She barely paid any attention being a recluse in her own world. Ashlynn had the privacy to display her desperation, to an extent

It was 9:00 am and still the bell didn't ring. Ashlynn looked at the clock with a longing to leave. Her books were already closed and in her bag. Ashlynn shook her right leg waiting to be done. She felt horrible she didn't pay any attention to this nice teacher. But her need was too much. "Come one come one stupid minute hand turn. Turn!" she whispered to herself. Trying not to appear rude she turned back to Mr. Gable speaking about angles and determining force of tension against force of gravity.

###

\ ° ° /

\ /

\ /

\ / tension 1

\ /

● weight

°=angle of some degree, 90°, 145°, etc.,

⬇️ Fg=force of gravity

______________________________________

"We use the trigonometry cosine of theta. Theta is an angle in this case. By determining the cosine of the angle, we can determine the force of tension." Mr. Gable continued his lecture on the matter. Ashlynn kept her focus on staying dry pleading for class to end. Suddenly, Ashlynn heard her name being called. “Ashlynn, can you tell the class how we can determine the cosin of theta for the above scenario?” She was dumbstruck as she didn’t pay attention to the lesson shown. “Uuuuuuuuhhhhh …. Uuuuhhh … uuummmm ….” "Ring" "We will pick this tomorrow. Read chapter 5 for tonight. The homework is on your syllabus!" Mr. Gable said as the students began putting their stuff away and leaving the classroom.

Ashlynn didn't wait and got up to, moving with the crowd. She made a right towards the girl's bathroom. Ashlynn felt every slosh and swish of her pent-up ocean as it made her exit dam quiver. She could feel today's lesson as her bladder pained. The force of gravity pulled on her already heavy and full bladder. Due to the weight of gravity, it began expanding onto nearby structures, such as the subsequent exit corridor below. While en route, she felt her bladder spasm. Since her class was in the opposite direction of her physics class, she decided on going to the bathroom nearest her next class (9:09-9:54). After about 20 seconds, she stopped and moved to one side. Another wave of desperation swept by forcing Ashlynn to deal with it. She lifted her left leg, wrapped it around her right leg, and moved it up and down as she bobbed in place. "Errrrrrrrrrrr" she whimpered.

She had to keep it inside, even if it was uncomfortable. Having an accident openly was unthinkable. She already dribbled urine earlier this morning and couldn't do it again. After 30 seconds, Ashlynn kept moving forward towards the bathroom. The hallways brimmed with the hustle and bustle of students at their lockers, going to class and/or the bathroom. At one point, her wave of desperation came back forcing her to stop again. She kept her legs pressed together followed by wrapping her left leg around her right one. Suddenly, she was pushed by another senior rushing to class. He ran fast and discourteously past several persons in the hallway.

Ashlynn was thrusted forward two steps causing her to spurt twice. She immediately closed the exit corridor (urethra) closed. But the damage was done. She stood still trying to fight the wave of desperation as hard as she could. Ashlynn was becoming more frantic and agitated now that she spurted twice on top of dribbling twice. She was having an accident in public and on school grounds. She continued standing there trying not to have an accident. She kept her legs pressed tightly together, bending forward, and wincing as she fought off another wave of desperation.

Ashlynn was in danger of urinating where she stood and needed the bathroom fast. She got herself under control for now and kept walking awkwardly towards the bathroom. Each small frantic step she took meant getting to relief sooner. Ashlynn couldn't wait for relief as she had desired it for so long this morning. With only two minutes left before class Ashlynn had to get relief fast. As soon as she was 10 paces away, she quickly staggered inside, pushing open the door frantically, saying openly "Oh I have to pee I have to pee" repeatedly.

Ashlynn came inside only to be greeted with occupied stalls and an empty urinal. The urinal was attached to the wall and above the ground. Unfortunately, it was too high for Ashlynn. She wasn’t tall enough even for being on her toes nor was she going to make a spectacle in front of others. "Oh come on!" she yelled. She paced back and forth bobbing up and down like a little schoolgirl. Time was running out as her next class was approaching. Her next class was marine biology taught by Mr. Warner. He was passionate about marine biology and expected the students to attend on time and do the work.

Mr. Warner was one of those pro-environment, anti-pollution, anti-big business people. Above else, he wanted to educate the next generation on the importance and beauty of nature's wonders that was the aquatic life. It was more than learning about what's a fish, a squid, what's an oil spill and keeping the Earth's waters clean. It was about inspiring the younger kids about what is life, understanding life, and how to treat it. To Mr. Warner, it was about so much more. Genetics, evolution, food chain, habitats, environmental influences, treatment of the aquatic life, human actions, and how it all ties in. And they can't be found anywhere else in the universe.

For the next 1 minute she waited outside for one of the stalls to become available. Even if it was half her bladder full, it was better than nothing. "What does a girl have to do to get to a bathroom stall? Hey open up! Damn it I have to pee!" Ashlynn yelled. One of the other senior girls replied "Go away. I'm busy here!". Ashlynn couldn't believe what was going on here. Again, she was denied as her pain grew. Her bladder became more distended and more pained. What was making her bladder fuller? Suddenly, the swishing of water could be heard indicating the flush handle was pushed. Ashlynn was filled with relief as at last she could urinate. The thought of relief nearly made her spurt again as her exit door quivered from the throbbing.

Sadly the stall door didn't open. Ashlynn had 30 seconds left and no time to waste. Ashlynn had to go now or never. She banged on the door, calling out to the person on the other side to hurry up. But again, she was rejected by the other person. Ashlynn had no choice but to leave in defeat. She had to go to class and wait another 45 minutes or somewhere during class period for relief.

(back in the above girl's bathroom)

Back in the bathroom, three female students emerged. It was none other than the infamous elite. It was the Tri Royalty Brigade. It consisted of three females (each female 18 years old) Camilla, Priscilla, and Ursula. Their ringleader was Camilla. She led her ladies towards not just being on top but also maintaining a certain image.

Camilla: These toilets are disgusting. Regular folk have no sense of decency. They just do their business like animals. Girl's, it's time to raise this complaint once and for all. We won't stand for slip shoddy work at the hands of plebians. We need professionals who understand what cleanliness means.

Priscilla: I agree. They say they work hard while they slacked off. And they criticize us upper class folk for having mansions and shiny bathrooms. It's because we believe in high standards.

Ursula: The class president Melanie is too busy building bridges than exposing laziness in this school.

Camilla: Don't worry. I’ll set Melanie straight when the time permits. Also, I heard Mrs. Kay became upset with a female senior for arriving late again. How old are you arriving on time is so hard? That person doesn't deserve to be here let alone call herself a senior.

(back to Ashlynn)

It was now 9:09 am in marine biology class. Mr. Warner arrived on time as usual. He began asking for chapter summaries and subsequent questions to answer for homework. Ashlynn, being so busy, forgot to do the questions. She arrived home late and afraid of Mrs. Kay, plus studying for a test. She fell asleep trying to finish marine biology homework. She had to submit what she had to receive what could be graded. By now, Ashlynn was exhausted but couldn't yawn due to her need to relieve herself. It would be another 45 minutes before she could leave again for the bathroom. Or she could ask in the middle of class period.

From 9:09 am and onwards, her teacher lectured about the life of mollusks and squids. The lecture was as slow as the last two lectures.

(back in Study Hall)

Study Hall usually occurred in another part of the school library. There students went to find the library books they needed or to study during this type of free period. It was usually quiet unless two students worked together for studying or a project. One of the students was Octavia Starr studying for her Science of Natural Disasters test. She looked over her notes from Earth Science class and textbook, as well as her current notes. Words, sentences, and paragraphs were absorbed like a sponge absorbing water by this girl.

However, as focused as she was her mind was diverted elsewhere. "What was with her? Why did she seem so strange fidgeting and sort of in pain?" Was she okay?" Octavia thought. One voice in her mind said she must not lose focus for her exam. Another voice said she must be curious about what's happened to her best friend. Like a Star Trek Vulcan, she stayed objective on the mission and studied for her exam.

(back to Avana Avalon)

It was 9:15 am at Drugtopia Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated, teeming with laboratory workers galore. Some worked independently, while others in a group. This was work coordinated by management and dictated to the employees at the lower echelon of the organization. All departments coordinated their efforts despite being independent from each other in some way. For example, the packaging department did their own specific duties separate from the laboratory department. But it was all coordinated by upper management down to the supervisors and to the workers.

Back in the laboratory, Avana was set to test a pain reliever for its ability to dissolve in the machine. She was documenting the number of lots to run in their dissolving machines and under specific parameters set forth by an already made procedure. All tests followed specific procedures which had to be strictly adhered to. Avana was filled with relief but slowly feeling a small pang growing again. "I'll have to go again thanks to my water pills." Avana put it out of her mind for now until it was a real problem. All testing had to be done in a timely manner to meet manufacturing quotas (of course she had to it correctly) and pick up her daughter at some point.

Avana had high blood pressure and urine retention due to the stress of being a single, working parent, and a long-standing complication from a car accident. Her medications were a diuretic pill and a drug for urinary retention. The drug for urinary retention was a muscle relaxant to allow the flow of urine (I take it too).

(back to Ashlynn's school)

It was now becoming late morning with the sun shining a bright yellow in the sea of turquoise. The clouds were white and puffy, only covering the sea ever so sparsely. The flowers weren't yet ready to bloom and the environment still cool. It was now 62°F and unusually warm for this month. Down below, third period made its halfway mark with only 23 minutes left. Currently, Octavia was taking her exam in Natural Disasters. The topic was earthquakes and volcanoes. Simple Earth Science topics, whizzing by the questions. Being pragmatic and prepared, always held onto her school materials knowing it could always be of future importance. Something she learned from her sophisticated, scholarly mom.

Other students weren't as up to par but to Octavia, it wasn't a competition. She did what she had to for her future. Optics mattered not! Of course, you had the Tri Royalty Brigade that did well, but for optics sake and to get into high class private colleges. Plus, they paid off other students and used their methods of persuasion to convince nerds to do their homework. But these nerds didn't have a spine and needed these elitists for protection against bullies. The ringleader Camilla would use her flirtatious and sophisticated charm to woo the jocks to leave the nerds alone. But a few nerds weren't corruptible, like Octavia. She knew how to stand up to the elite. She was intellectual as Spock and caring as Phoebe from Hey Arnold! (TV show)

However, while the rest of the student body was doing well one student was still feeling herself in .... well what a bladder might say is ..... the opposite of heaven. The marine biology class was paying close attention to the lecture on mollusks and squids. First came the squids and octopuses. "These large appendages don't just help to grab and swim but also for defense." Mr. Warner said. Everyone was so caught up in the lecture thanks to Mr. Warner's charisma and energy, except for Ashlynn Avalon. It was now 9:30 am (more than two hours since class started), and the strain was getting to her.

Her already tired body was under duress as she strained with all her might to hold it. Her kidneys kept pumping more fluid into the bloated sac below. From there, her bladder dumped more into her exit corridor and causing it to pain more as it tried to contain the growing ocean of doom. Her self-focused brain was bombarded with signals concerning the rising the pressure was reaching dangerous levels. Her stomach ached from being forced inwards and her breathing was more labored. Ashlynn tried to pay attention but doing so was impossible now. She spent several minutes of her class time fighting an incessant wave upon wave of desperation, fidgeting and shifting her legs and feet. She went so far as to wedge her hands and skirt to hold herself.

She thought about the marine life being ever so free to urinate and defecate freely in open waters. It was such as a freedom for which she felt jealousy. "The fishes can just go without the need for a bathroom and without fear or humiliation. I wish I could just go right now, letting out all my pee hot without consequence. Oh how it would be so freeing. I wish I could just pee alreadi-ow oh gawd. It hurts." Ashlynn thought to herself. "Boys don't have this problem. Why do we girls and women have it?" Ashlynn wondered.

As time passed, she could feel the ocean pushing against her exit corridor to the point whereby she could no longer contract her exit corridor. She could contract to hold it as tight as she wanted but it couldn't do more than that. Remember, her tired body didn't wake up like normally and using only what little fuel was pumped into her body. Plus, her exit corridor has been straining since this morning. It throbbed like crazy, sending signals for help and relief, wondering when it would be relieved from this torture. "Danger danger please release this ocean. Pressure reaching severe!" said her bladder and exit corridor.

It was 9:35 am and Ashlynn raised her hand to get her teacher's attention. "Mr. Warner" she said in a strained voice. "May I please go to the bathroom?". Mr. Warner replied "Didn't you go before during the time between classes? This is important for your quiz next week." But Ashlynn felt she was on the brink of an accident. "Please I have been ... holding it ... since morning. Before class, I went to the bathroom, but all the stalls were taken." Mr. Warner replied by saying "This is important biology you need to know. We have five more minutes of lecture before I put on the YouTube video. You can go then."

Mr. Warner continued his lecture despite Ashlynn’s please for the bathroom. Ashlynn didn't care to listen anymore. She just wanted to go urinate. She took out her cell phone and put on the voice recording app. Later on, she could get the notes for the class from a homework buddy. The next five minutes went by slowly and painfully as her need to go was again denied. Mr. Warner also closed the door for the video he wanted to present. Each second that went taunted Ashlynn as the minute hand moved slowly. It was as though time didn't want to move faster to tease this poor girl. It teased her to see long she can hold it, and perhaps enjoy watching her before spurting it all out.

Ashlynn quietly whimpered, crossing and double crossing her legs, bobbing up and down on her toes. At times, she shook her legs up and down trying to make the wave lessen, but to no avail. She couldn't hold back the ocean anymore as her exit corridor throbbed even more. There was just no further she could contract her urethra muscle (exit corridor and exit dam) which throbbed and quivered. She rocked back and forth in her seat as she couldn't hide her immense desperation. Ashlynn was tempted to run out of the classroom and not care if she was written up. Her need to go at this point was her only priority. Why was she barred from going she wondered.

Suddenly, a burst of wind came through the classroom filling the air with a chill. It not only blew a few papers but caused some to shudder. Ashlynn was one of those feeling the chill, threatening to make her shiver from the cold. Ashlynn did shiver a little and in doing so, dribbled for a half second. She gasped softly, flinching upwards in her seat. The damp feeling felt as though she was immersed in her waste. It felt uncomfortable and disgusting. Ashlynn raised her hand but was again denied. Mr. Warner was almost finished with his lecture despite the five minutes passing giving a last word on the matter.

"As you can see by this chart how much the mollusk community has grown since previous years" he continued. Ashlynn didn't care about that as she bobbed up and down in her seat. It was unbecoming of a senior, but she had to go before she spurted again. You would have thought a few spurts would have reduced the pressure and strain upon her body. It was replaced with more fluids. How was that possible? It was now 9:44 am as the lecture was complete. Mr. Warner entered Microsoft Edge browser, typed YouTube.com in search field and pressed Go. From there, he selected a marine life documentary and clicked on it. The page for the video appeared displaying the main video on the screen and other options on the surrounding page. Ashlynn thought "Finally I can go."

She got up from her seat, only to sit back down. Mr. Warner said she could leave once the video started. He pressed the arrow icon on the black video screen on the page to start the video. At first, the video screen displayed the icon for buffering before starting to play. It happens when the internet is a little slow. Mr. Warner assured the class his video would buffer and to give it a minute.

It was 9:45 am when it started buffering. However, as time went on it became apparent to the whole class the video wasn't going to finish buffering at all. For 3 whole minutes, the video displayed the buffering symbol unable to play itself. For Ashlynn, this nightmare was torture as her exit corridor and bladder screamed neurotransmitters to her brain about her worsening situation. With every moment that passed she could feel every pulse and throb down there, making her more frantic. By the time it was 9:48 am, it hit her like a ton of bricks. She leaned forward, clutching her skirt for dear life as she winced in pain. Her breathing was labored and her heart racing, beating hard in her frantic state.

Ashlynn felt another spasm from her bladder. This spasm felt like a sharp stab to her abdomen and as if something pulled or torn. Ashlynn was done waiting for approval and took action. Whether or not she was to face disciplinary action was irrelevant at this point. And why should she? For not wanting to wait for a transplant? Being healthy was more important than being a good little girl. It was now or never! Without thinking, as if possessed by some force or a spirit, she got up from her seat and ran to the door. Mr. Warner called out to Ashlynn who was she was already out the door.

The whole class saw this senior student behave like a little schoolgirl about to wet herself. One student commented to another. "Who is that?". The other student replied "I dunno but that is embarrassing." Outside in the hallways Ashlynn made her way to the girl's bathroom. Each step she took felt as though her flood gates would open from the vibrations made by her heels striking the ground. "Oh gawd oh gawd oh gawd" she repeated over and over again. Just as she came to the bathroom door her heart sank. She stood there bobbing up and down reading the "out of order" sign. Ashlynn, impatient and frantic, tried to open the door. But alas, it was locked.

In her anger she banged on the door when suddenly "(gasp)". The unthinkable happened. In her frantic haste, she took her focus off her exit dam. Her muscles down there relaxed a little and let loose a stream of her urine. She closed the hatch, but the damage was done. Although it was a 1-second stream, the inside of her thighs down to her feet and shoes were wetted by this stream. Ashlynn just "peed" herself and onto herself. And in the school hallway! Again!

It was now 9:50 am and time was running out for her to find relief. She had to find a suitable bathroom and fast. Despite losing some of her urine, her body was still cranking out more liquid to replace what she excreted. For now, Ashlynn was in serious trouble of having a worse accident. Any moment she might lose control again. Ashlynn remembered the bathroom nearby the middle stairwell and chose to go there. "Just hang on hang on hang on." Ashlynn told herself. A small dribble made its way down the middle like before. Ashlynn sucked in more air to keep the exit dam shut.

Ashlynn hurried over to the bathroom only to be met by the custodian. He was leaving the bathroom as he just finished mopping the floor and put the wet floor sign on the ground. Ashlynn's heart sank again as she stood there frantically bobbing up and down. The custodian saw this student holding herself like a schoolgirl from the 1st grade with those desperate eyes pleading for the toilet. "Oh please let go in there I have to pee sosososososos badly ohmyGAWDIhavetopee!"

But the custodian shook his head in denial for this young student. "Nope. I can't let you in here. It's dangerous and slippery. Go somewhere else!" "Oh come on! I have to pee I'm bursting and about to pee myself-" "Sorry but I can't let you in here." "But I HAVE TO PEE!" "You can't be in there regardless." "But-" "NO! You can't be here! That's final!"

Ashlynn cursed under her breath and after checked her wrist-watch. She had only two minutes left of the period. She could keep looking but she might not return for her things. Ashlynn kept lifting one leg crossing it over the other and vice versa. She bent forward and wincing again as she fought off another wave of desperation. Again, there was no further she could strain to keep back the pent up ocean. Although her need decreased somewhat thanks to her stream from a few minutes ago, her need was still massive and only growing. Then, footsteps could be heard approaching from the stairwell as it turned the corner and approaching Ashlynn. It was Vice Principal Kirika Shida.

"What are you doing out here instead of in class, especially when the whole school building is about to have a mandatory lock down drill?" Ashlynn couldn't believe what she just heard. "A lock down drill? Seriously? I can't wait that long I'm gonna wet myself." Vice Principal Shida sympathized with Ashlynn and knew how it felt. But she was the Vice Principal, not anyone's best friend. "Students can't be roaming the halls, especially when a lock down drill is about to occur. You have to go back to your class." But Ashlynn was becoming more agitated and upset. "I can't hold it please let me go. Oh I gotta go please let me go. Oh I know this is embarrassing but ... I-I ... I can't ... mmmmm".

This V.P. held her stance. "Listen here young lady-" "Good morning! This is Principal Calhoun. We are now conducting our mandatory lock down drill. Please lock your doors and remain to one side of your class. We appreciate your patience and cooperation to maintain safety in our school. Thank you."

"Please I have to go so badly please oh please I have to go. I have been holding it like crazy and denied the bathroom several times." she said in a strained voice. Still, as badly as she pleaded it was of now use. Vice Principal Shida had a job to do. "I can't let you use the bathroom at this time. You have to hold it! Now go to your class." Shida said in a commanding adult manner. With that, Ashlynn was left with little choice as she was being walked back to her class. She walked by the boy's bathroom, looking longingly and tempted as she did. The Vice Principal kept her eyes on this young student to make sure she didn't try to run away.

Ashlynn wanted to run off but to where at this point. "Damn drill. I have to pee and now we have a lock down drill. Stupid school. What's wrong with everything today? Why does the universe hate me?" She thought. She wasn't like the rebellious, hot tempered, obnoxious biker girl Gretchen Grayson (another senior of 19 years old). She didn't take to authority, bullies, and elitists very well, and mouthed off a lot. She had enough spunk to stand up to bullies and trolls, and of course the snobs like the Tri-Royalty Brigade. However, her temper did get her into trouble with her teachers and the school principals. Ashlynn wasn't the type to risk constant detention or suspension. She couldn't afford to have that too. It was now 9:54 am.

(back to Avana)

It was 10:07 am, and work was going smoothly. Avana finished running the first round of drug product and collecting them from the dissolving units. Avana kept shifting her weight from one foot to the other. "Man I have to pee." Avana said softly to herself. Those diuretic pills were still in effect, removing the excess bloating and fluid from her body. Avana was in the middle of collection when her supervisor came in. "Miss Avalon. How is the testing going?" He asked.

"Everything is perfect boss." Avana replied. "You seem out of sorts. Are you feeling alright?" He asked. "I have to use the bathroom. Once I finish collecting the samples, I will make a quick trip boss." Avana replied. "No problem." Her supervisor walked away to check on the other workers.

(back to Ashlynn)

It was 10:07 am and still the lock down drill was in effect. No one could speak nor get up and leave. The lights were kept off and the classroom doors locked. That was the nature of a lock down. It was meant to keep intruders away from the students and weed out any potential threats. And if the infiltrator wanted to get into the classroom, it wouldn't be possible. And the perpetrator wouldn't be able to see the whole classroom too. Lock downs weren't good for students feeling claustrophobic or have to use the bathroom. That last part applied to Ashlynn. She was brought back to her marine biology class. She staggered back to her class and on the verge of an accident.

Every minute in the dark silence was torture for her as she stood in one corner on the same side of the classroom as the door. Ashlynn kept one leg wrapped around the other, bobbing up and down while leaning against the wall. She was bursting big time and only becoming worse still. Her wave of desperation still pulsating, and her exit dam throbbed from trying to hold back the impending flood. She could feel her bladder spasm as it expanded but there wasn't anything she could do hold it more. Her kidneys kept pumping more fluid into her system below.

"How long is this dam drill going to be! I have to pee damn it!" Ashlynn said under her breath, followed by a curse word. "Shhhh!" Mr. Warner said. He was still offended by Ashlynn's behavior 19 minutes ago. "We need to talk after the lock down." Mr. Warner said. "Not him too. How many people are going to keep holding me up." She thought to herself. It was now 10:10 am and still it wasn't over. Ashlynn was becoming restless and fidgeting big time. Everyone could see her holding the hem of her skirt for dear life, wincing and whimpering "mmmmm .... mmmmm hhhhh mmmmmmm ...". At one point, her wave of desperation was so bad she squatted down to lesson her wave.

She swayed her knees back and forth, scrunching her toes back in her shoes. Each scrunch was wet and sticky from her urine. Ashlynn couldn't move for the next two minutes. This was abnormal for a lock down drill to take twenty minutes. She felt the time was now. What was holding things up? This is ridiculous and unfair. She should be allowed to urinate before it's too late. No one should be made to wait so long. But all she could was to hold it until she could properly urinate into a toilet. One student from marine biology commented to her friend about Ashlynn. "This girl left and still didn't go? What the hell was she doing this whole time?". "I know. How stupid." The friend said.

Ashlynn could feel herself sweating and exhausted. She breathed heavily and her heart pounded. Ashlynn wasn't sure how much longer she could continue like this. Her mind was at war between letting it all go and holding it in.

Voice 1: You can't be serious about holding it this long. It's not healthy and it is torture. Isn't that a human rights violation? And so what if everyone sees you do it. Big deal. Gretchen Grayson gets away with crap all the time.

Voice 2: You are a proper young lady with manners and self-control. You can't make a mess right now. Gretchen might not care but you should.

Both sides had valid points and had some truth. "You've already spurted and sullied yourself. How much more time are you going to waste? Just go. No one is looking use the trash pail over there. It's lined with a bag. Who will notice if you do it behind those desks? And it's a drill. No intruder will see you." Voice 1 said. "The Vice Principal could, or someone else. The silence is deafening, and people will hear the patter against the trash bag lining the pail. Don't do it." Voice 2 said. At this point, Ashlynn hoped the lock down drill would finish so she could go. But then she remembered her teacher wanted to speak with her after it was over. If she had to hold it any longer then she was ready to risk detention.

"Damn lock down drill. No one has entered the building illegally so what's the problem? I could've peed by now. Instead, I have to listen to my body screaming at me for holding it this long. Why must I suffer this way? What did I do?" Ashlynn thought. "This is Principal Calhoun. The drill is over. Please make your way to your next class. Thank you for your time and patience." By this point students gathered their books. Ashlynn staggered to her desk to get her notebook and backpack. She bobbed up and down while hastily putting her books away in her bag. One book wasn't going inside properly which only agitated her more. "Go inside stupid book. Come on go inside." It took a little wiggling to shove the book inside and zip up her bag.

Just as she was at the doorway, Mr. Warner called out to her. This time he caught up with her. "Hold it young lady. We aren't done here." "Oh yeah I am!" "No you're not. You don't just leave class. It's rude and disrespectful. And it's a disruption of my class." Ashlynn was turning beet red now on top of her more pressing issue down below as another wave of desperation swept by. "I have to pee badly and you said I could go when your video starts but it didn't and I almost had an acci-oh oh gawd." Mr. Warner didn't want to hear it. "I don't care how badly you have to go. You don't leave in the middle of class. I want an apology!"

Ashlynn didn't have time for this but couldn't leave. "I-I a-am sorry for l-leaving class without p-permission. I won’t d-do it ag-gain.". Mr. Warner was satisfied with the apology and let her go. Ashlynn left and made her way to the nearby bathroom. Again, the sign from earlier was still there. She made her way to the other girl’s bathroom near the middle stairwell. Upon being 3 feet away she saw three senior girls run inside. Ashlynn's heart sank knowing full well they might take all the stalls. Ashlynn hurried inside and to her horror, nothing was available. Again, she had to wait or use the urinal.

Ashlynn paced around for a couple of seconds while holding herself. The pressure kept rising and her poor urethra couldn’t strain any further. This time, her first voice from earlier started putting the idea of using the urinal in her train of thought.

Voice 1: Go ahead and urinate. Don’t worry about who sees. You have a right to be free from this. And besides, it is just another girl who enters.

Voice 2: Don’t do this. There is no privacy and it’s high up. Even on your tippy toes, it’s still barely above your genital region. You might make a mess.

Voice 1: Don’t worry about the mess. It’s nothing compared to the mess you’ll make if you keep holding it and eventually let it all out.

Ashlynn bobbed up and down deciding what to do. Suddenly, she was overcome with another wave of desperation. She almost spurted. Ashlynn decided to try the urinal. She came close to it and lifted her skirt. She was about to release when the door flung open. She gasped and moved away from the urinal. The female student came to the urinal and did her business. It was Marino Middletown, the tallest most athletic senior (18 years old) in the school. She did her business like a guy, not caring about the dribbling down her thighs, put the gusset of her panties back in front of her unwiped area, and flushed. She washed her hands and left.

Ashlynn couldn’t understand how she just does this and not care. Just then, she was reminded of her predicament and the time on her wrist-watch. She had to go for her next class, creative writing. It was the same side of the school as her math class. Her teacher was the gentle-spoken, caring, and free-spirited Ms. Jenkins. She encouraged students and never put them down. Plus, she allowed students to use the bathroom if they needed. Ashlynn loved her creative writing teacher and knew she would understand about her need to use the bathroom. But she had to get there.

She chose to leave the bathroom for her next class (9:58 – 10:43 am). Just as she approached the door, it swung open for a student rushing in. She pushed past Ashlynn thrusting her against the wall. "Oh damn it I have to pee!" screamed the 18-year-old female student as she went for the urinal. Ashlynn held onto to dear life as she kept her legs double crossed, standing stiffly. When Ashlynn got pushed, she reached for the wall to prevent falling over. In the process of losing her balance from being pushed, she spurted twice, each one a half-second long. She instinctively closed the exit door shut to her urethra and double crossed her legs. Some of her urine still dribbled down her thighs and to her lower legs.

Ashlynn was too afraid to move. She managed to contract her muscles to shut the exit dam and crossed her legs to help keep it shut. But her wave of desperation was made worse by the whole ordeal. Once she was sure she could move, she left the bathroom and carefully weaved her way through the traffic of the third-floor corridor. Ashlynn contemplated going into the boy's bathroom. Their queues are almost non-existent. But she knew of a girl who did that and got into serious trouble. And second, she didn’t want to explain to a boy why she was in the boy's bathroom. But because of an incident last month, girls weren't allowed in the boy's bathroom and vice versa.

(1 month ago)

It was lunch period and buzzing with activity. Students ate lunch, chit-chatted, did homework, and played a few games. One group played the dots game (the one with the dots and you take turns making lines connecting each dot to make boxes; whoever had the most boxes wins) while another played chess or tic tac toe. There was a line for the girl's and boy's rooms. The boys went in and out. The boys weren't known for wiping. They only pulled out their members and put it away when done. The queue for the girl's room was long and took long. It was filled with 18-year-old girls wanting an excuse to keep talking, powder their faces, or to use the toilet.

Some of the female students were bursting. One of those students was 18-year-old Hortense Howard. She drank coffee and water that morning, underestimating the urgency that would later come to bite her on the butt. She had 2 coffees before classes, water from the fountain, and a water bottle after gym class. Now she drank a soda with her lunch. She was one of those foolish stubborn types who didn't want to miss classes or hanging out with friends until it got too dire. She was bursting big time and about to have an accident. She waited online for what seemed like forever, bobbing up and down, terrified of wetting herself.

The line moved slowly due to three stalls taken up by three seniors. Of course, that being the Tri-Royalty Brigade. As usual they believed themselves to be the best of the best and deserved going in first. As for the females outside, life was a pain. They wished females had male body parts for quick and easy trips to the toilet. At one point, the line moved and she was at the door. Even the urinals were unavailable. Hortense banged on the door like a woman possessed or under the influence.

"What the hell? Open up open up I've gotta pee! Come on I've gotta pee. Damn it open up!" She screamed. However, nothing happened and no one came out. It was as though they were sucked into another dimension never to return. Hortense looked back and forth, anxiously waiting for her turn. Hortense looked at the boy's bathroom and considered going inside. Mrs. Kay was right there disciplining some boys. "Oh gawd I have to pee. If only this monster would leave." Hortense said to herself.

Hortense kept holding herself, that is until, she saw liquid traveling past her right foot. It traveled as a river shaking past her and zigzagging. She turned around to find a female senior urinating where she stood. Hortense freaked, out and began banging rapidly on the door. Hortense couldn't take it anymore. Her need exponentially rose to dangerous levels that needed relieving at once. Suddenly, she gasped and kept her thighs pressed together, wincing at what just happened. She stood there shaking with fear and shock. She just urinated a spurt into her thong. The pencil-thin gusset of her loose-fitted thong was soaked and the insides of her thighs had rivulets going down them. Hortense was in serious trouble and worse awaited her. She had to act fast.

Without thinking she ran into the boy's bathroom, slipping past Mrs. Kay and the whole cafeteria. The line of girls behind her were shocked but they had their own problems. Furthermore, Mrs. Kay was already in a foul mood and no one wanted to say anything to her. She went inside to find the stalls were taken leaving only the urinal. Without choice, she started to unzip her skirt for using the urinal. She unzipped it 1/4 of the way down when it stopped. Hortense was frantic as it was and now more so because her zipper was stuck. It was caught on some strands of her skirt material. "Nononononononono!" She cried out.

Hortense tugged and pulled at her skirt while bobbing up and down. For 30 seconds she pulled at it trying to open her skirt completely and go. "Stupid zipper. Why won't you open!". The already frantic Hortense mixed with anticipation for relief that teased her (being so close and yet so far), her stuck zipper plus the time running out before being seen was catching up to her. After 30 seconds of dealing with an uncooperative zipper and a big wave of desperation, her dam finally began to give way.

The dam began buckling under the immense pressure allowing spurts of her urine to escape her tortured crotch area. These spurts further dampened her tiny thong and herself. It began to travel along the lines of her butt cheeks, down the inside of her legs as rivulets snaking to the front or down the back of her thighs. These spurts served to increase her frantic mind and tug at the zipper even more. Sadly, it wouldn't budge out from where it was no matter how much she pulled on it. She was just too excited to properly remove the zipper. Even yelling at her button wasn't working.

The dam kept allowing spurts to pass, now lasting from split-seconds to 3-second spurts, and now a steady stream emerged from her crotch. She was officially urinating onto herself and the floor. "Nooooo!" She cried and hopped onto the urinal to finish urinating. Hortense didn't care the urinal was dirty or that her urine splattered off the netted cover onto herself (thighs, legs, and shoes) and the floor. Most of it went into the urinal which was all that mattered to Hortense. But her urine did fill up the urinal bowl a little too quickly and some spilled out and onto the floor. Sadly, some of her skirt was also made dirty from the splattering.

For Hortense she was in heaven. Too her it felt as if a great weight was lifted from her soul. She was ready to crash right there from the sweet ecstasy of relieving herself. And boy did she moan loud enough on top of her urine make the pitter patter. She didn't care about the mess she made onto her underside or the floor. FYI: Hortense didn't even bother to remove her thong or tug it to one side. She didn't have the time to think straight. Her mind wandered into another universe of freedom that she forgot where she was and what she was doing. That isn't good when you want to go in and get out like a spy or ninja.

Halfway through (and still unable to stop the flow), the door to the bathroom opened. Simultaneously, one of the stall doors opened too. Out came one of the senior boy students only to witness a sight so awkward and surprising. Hortense appeared half asleep as she appeared to be so happy with herself. But her ears and eyes picked up the horrid sight to behold. After a few seconds her mind returned to Earth and understood what she was saw. Her ecstasy was replaced with horror and embarrassment. She wasn't just mortified but also speechless. "U-u-uuuuuuuuu". Hortense couldn't speak one syllable. The senior boys had horrified looks on their faces and left.

Hortense wasn't just scolded by Mrs. Kay, but also by the School Principal and Vice Principal.

(back to the present)

Ashlynn made her way across the corridor to the stairwell to go to the first floor. But she remembered the bend around the corner also applied to the second floor which should have a bathroom. Ashlynn chose to go to the bathroom and go to class later. But then she might considered late. And time was going by as the hallways were becoming less dense. She chose to go to the stairwell at the end of the hallway for class and then use the bathroom.

Her body (and some part of her subconscious) was becoming fed up while her conscious self was saying to hold it. The mixed signals caused confusion, increasing the chances her dam to relax. After all she kept her legs pressed together too. Her bladder made grumbling noises from the frequent spasms due to its expansion. "I wish I was a member of the Tri-Royalty Brigade so that everyone would part like the red sea for me-oooh" Ashlynn said. Anoyher wave of desperation swept by as she walked. Ashlynn's body down there wasn’t just feeling on fire but also starting to numb. The fire is from her body using lactic acid fermentation, a process to create energy in the cells. It isn't very efficient as it doesn't create as many energy nucleotide molecules to power the cells. They produce the lactic acid which creates the burning feeling.

She not only felt uncomfortable from that but from being unclean. She could feel the urine on her skin drying up as she walked. Each time she walked she felt sticky. One rivulet snaked it's way down her back of the left knee and passing over sensitive nerves. The feeling of dirty biological waste made her whole body shudder, relaxing the dam for split-second. This resulted in two 1-second spurts (half-seconds each), almost urinating a small stream again. Once more her beautiful were further wetted. Ashlynn had to get to a bathroom and fast. Not only did she need relief, but time to wipe her extremities. After all the spurting, it was only fair she cleans herself and shoes. "Why couldn't they make an elevator in this stupid building?" Ashlynn mumbled to herself.

She approached the stairs, grabbed the railing, and began her journey down the 15 steps of the first half flight down. Her steps were quick and awkward, trying not to be rushed (bumped or shoved) nor have an accident. Sadly, a small dribble traveled past her front outer defenses to between her buttocks. One drop fell onto the floor. Ashlynn couldn't stop to wait with all those students behind her. And it didn't help that she shuddered again from another two rivulets down her legs, causing her to spurt twice more. She quickly regained control despite being more frantic and afraid of being seen. Luckily no one saw this but some wondered why she moved weird.

She got down to half way, turned around the corner and continued down the stairs to the first floor. A few students kept calling out to hurry up. But Ashlynn kept her pace while holding it. Ashlynn had to travel down one more flight of steps to the first floor. Again, she went down 15 steps like before. She turned around the corner and went down the last 15 steps. Each step felt like she was going to start urinating. From behind, an impatient student yelled “Move it!” as he pushed past her. She slipped on one step, spurting for a second. She stopped to regain control for a second, then kept moving.

Once at the ground level, she made a right and continued down the hallway to her next class. Before the next bathroom was her 4th period classroom. She had to report there first and submit her homework. She worked hard on it last weekend and it was due to today. Ashlynn was sure she would get an A+ on it. Right now, she had to submit it and go for the bathroom. Just as she was a few classrooms away she was cut off by the school principal along with Mrs. Kay.

Ashlynn wasn't in the mood to hear it but she wasn't Shadow Kat (X-Men reference for the character that walks through almost anything). Another voice called next to Ashlynn on her right. He was tall and projected authority of the school. It was Principal Calhoun. "Miss Avalon we need to have a talk in my office. This is serious!" Principal Calhoun said. "But" "Now!" "Bu-" "Principal Calhoun gave you an order. It wasn't negotiable. Youngsters these days have no respect or control over themselves!" Mrs. Kay retorted. And so they went to his office. Poor Ashlynn was about to suffer a major catastrophe, and as usual today, the universe (it seemed) didn't care.

It was 10:20 am and 4th period started. Ashlynn walked with a hunch, still holding it with all her might. Her focus and will power was on keeping her dam closed. Ms. Jenkins was already informed of this meeting and had no choice but to let it go. She wasn’t going to see Ashlynn for some time. Fourth period was supposed to be from 9:58 am to 10:43 am. There was only 22 minutes left.

(back in detention)

A student sat there reading a textbook on world history with a bored look on her face. She thought of ending it here and then as the boredom were torture. She was in trouble for public urination outside the school building during the lock down drill. It took a while to end because several staff went look for this student. Once found, she was ordered to pull up her clothes and come inside. There, she was scolded and disciplined for her behavior. It was none other than Gretchen Grayson. She hated authority and (what she felt were) stupid rules. She hated the rules and expectations society placed upon everyone, including herself. She didn't like being told she couldn't exercise her right for the bathroom during a drill.

From the time she was a child, she hated being told she was a child or she doesn't understand the world. She hated the fact that adults could get away with demanding respect but children could be spoken to anyway the adults felt like. She wasn't good at academics and being a bookworm. She had street smarts instead. Her heroes were revolutionaries like Einstein, Jobs, and Gates. These were people who didn't need a college education to succeed. They didn't need society's stupid bull**** rules to get ahead. They knew how to make their own destiny happen.

Her female heroes were Emilia Earhart, Becky Lynch (WWE wrestler), Kris Statlander (AEW wrestler), Susan B. Anthony, and Queen Elizabeth I. Emilia was the first woman to pilot an airplane and see the Earth from above. Susan B. Anthony made strides in equality for women. The other two were her favorite women wrestlers, despite the scripted industry of professional wrestling. They were tough no-nonsense no-hair pulling butch women who went out, fought and won. No catty female crap. All fists and no words. Just the way she loved to fight. Queen Elizabeth didn’t allow for male-oriented nonsense to push her around and ruled as a tough and powerful queen.

Even now, as a 19-year-old (having to repeat the 12th grade), she still disobeyed the adults. Her own parents prefer to leave her at school for the day rather than put up with her. The school would rather send her elsewhere or just graduate her and let society deal with her. It's a shame, but no one wanted to deal with her attitude. Gretchen hates gender stereotypes and biases. She felt boys were always too macho or sappy, while women could get away with being physically appealing only to whine about men being perves. Plus, they like hunky men with muscles. She hates the concept of women being all gussied up instead of tough and strong. Her mom told her men hate women with pride but she didn't care.

And being a proper lady was a drag due to all the stupid rules behind it.

Guys who said a dumb comment or tried to see under skirt were dealt with. It was either a verbal comment or (if there guy came up to her and looked under skirt) a punch to the face. Worse was her knee up his junk. That happened once during sophomore year and she got in trouble. They other guy didn't want to see her again. From then on, she wore track pants. When a teacher or Mr. Calhoun commented, she made a snide remarks about it. "Why should I wear a skirt? My legs aren't anyone's business. Nothing to see here!".

Feminists and chauvinists hated her guts. Even the Tri-Royalty Brigade despised her and called her an untouchable or unruly urchin trained by the jungle or Tarzan. It was a derogatory comment to describe her behavior as though she was raised by wolves and put down her dress code. Gretchen didn't show it but she hated being ostracized for being different. And she hated being called Tarzana. But she pretends not to care by giving an obnoxious remark.

Gretchen read line per line about the history of the human race starting from the African-Asian continents, and the four main river valley civilizations. To Gretchen the past was nothing more than the past. They lived, they died, and life moved on. Her detention teacher, Mrs. Trenton watched her intently. After all, she was the one who found Gretchen performing public urination outside the school. Gretchen did this in retaliation for the constant disregard for the students by Mrs. Kay. She hated her the most, followed by (as she saw it) her pet stooge (Mr. Calhoun). She continued reading the chapter on the ancient civilizations of modern human history from the last 5,000 years.

"So the ancient nomads settled down and formed around areas fertile and teeming with fauna. Big deal! And besides who wants to live where there is no food or water. It's no different now. Whooptidoo!" Gretchen thought. "Gretchen! I hope your learning something reading those pages." Mrs. Trenton snapped. She had a no-tolerance for public indecency and rebellious students, but certainly not as harsh as Mrs. Kay. Still, those two spoke almost the same language.

Mrs. Trenton was strict, disciplined, and mature (Sort of like Professor McGonagall) She wasn't a misanthropic Snape or Umbrage. They could agree that students should be more mature and meet certain expectations for their age. But sometimes she felt Mrs. Kay was too easily upset by the students. Still, Mrs. Trenton did not enjoy having to deal with Gretchen. Luckily it wasn't Mrs. Kay who would have gone nuclear. Besides Ashlynn, Gretchen was on Mrs. Kay’s hated list.

(back to Avana Avalon)

It was now 10:25 am and Avana began cleaning the dissolving units. She felt easy again as she came back from the ladies' room. "Man that felt good." But she knew that she would have to go again later. She started wiping down the rotating blades hanging over the dissolving vessels filled with medium using a laboratory cloth and special purified water. Then, she began taking two vessels at a time to clean in the nearby sink. Avana loved her job but working for several hours straight without talking to someone (for the most part) was torture. No one could not chit chat and not work like this. But she took following the rules seriously and didn't want to incur trouble.

God forbid an auditor showed up and saw talking, forget it they just have a stupid cow over it. She always felt it was bull****, but you know optics matter! Everything has to appear orderly and hard at work. Talking is a sign of not being focused on the work and possibly at risk of making mistakes. Avana was working nearby her coworker friend, Ingrid. She was the only friend Avana had from the drug company. They always talked during their break times, weekends, and vacations. They enjoyed a good laugh during first break. They usually talked about their day and the stuff going on in their lives. It was the only way to get through the day without feeling so isolated.

(the Principal's office)

It was now 10:27 am and the main office was quiet as ever. There was the occasional phone ring or the whispers among office workers. But deep within was the office was the school principal himself. It was very quiet as the aura was filled with anxiety and tension. Currently, Ashlynn sat in one of the cushioned chairs under the watchful eye of 'Darth Vader-ess,' Mrs. Kay. This teacher watched over the student like an owl staring at its prey with eyes that pierced through the space-time fabric. It was the type that cut into your soul and filled it with an eerie cold. Ashlynn sat there grabbing the hem of her skirt for dear life from fear of wetting herself again and Mrs. Kay. She suffered from an onslaught in precalculus and now she was going to suffer again. What was this girl to do? It seemed this day was her worst day ever.

While walking to his office, she walked awkwardly as her need to urinate was dangerously critical. Mrs. Kay couldn't stand to see a senior hold herself like a child and snapped at her to keep herself at proper normal posture, hands by her sides and walk correctly. Ashlynn couldn't stay completely straight, nor walk normal. As for not holding herself, she slowly removed her hands from her crotch area. She walked stiffly and breathed hard all the way to Mr. Calhoun's office. Once there she was told to sit down. Ashlynn obliged for temporary relief.

It wasn't to last. She had been sitting there for the past 7 minutes waiting for Mr. Calhoun to return. He was talking to another parent as this time. But now, he was back in his office. He started the conversation. "I have heard you are a tardy and disrespectful student. You have not been showing up on time. You don't pay attention. Your grades are terrible. And sometimes you nod off in her class." Mr. Calhoun paused, then said "Ashlynn you aren't good in math, and I know it is challenging. But there is no excuse for this. I don't understand what's happened to you but it has to ..... okay someone is talking to you and you're still fidgeting. It's rude and disrespectful. I see what this fine teacher is talking about."

Mr. Calhoun had this concerned and very disappointed look on her face. Mrs. Kay chimed into the conversation. "This upstart brat has no concept of how to behave and probably learned this behavior from her unruly background. Stupidity and disrespect have infected every corner of society. It only worsens by the day. And now it has shown its ugly face. What is the matter with you child? Can't you sit still oh why do I ask? I'm speaking to a 4-year-old on a sugar high." Ashlynn, breathing hard and sweating, feeling every beat of her racing heart. "Mr. Calhoun you don't" she started but was cut off by her upset math teacher. "Oh he understood. And don't bother asking for the bathroom. Hold it brat!" Mr. Calhoun of course took her side.

"You have to listen and stop fidgeting. And from now on you ..." he stopped as he was being called by one of his secretaries. "It's Mrs. Petrillo, Rusty's mother. She was scheduled for today at this time." " Oh yes I will meet with her when I finish with this student. Thank you Ms. Reynolds." Ashlynn had enough of Lady Vader here but what could she say to get her off her bursting rear-end. This barracuda just couldn't let by-gones be by-gones. Of course being tardy was bad but she was working. Sometimes late at night to pay for rent and her future. And this teacher targeting her was no way to handle this. Where did she come from? USSR or communist China? Geez.

Mrs. Kay wished she could put this girl in military school and whip her into shape or throw her out of society. She always took the slightest disregard as a serious matter. "Principal Calhoun, we must finish our business in your office." It was now 10:29 am and only 13 more minutes before the end of 4th period. Ashlynn's next period class was American Government and Law. It was taught by Mr. Karbine, another passionate and serious teacher concerned with educating the youth. He felt the students should know the rights and laws of this great country, and how to defend themselves against those that would abuse or usurp the laws for their benefit. That included The Bill of Rights. Ashlynn didn't mind learning about her rights, especially now. Ashlynn did have the right to pursue happiness, which at this moment was relieving herself.

Ashlynn spoke up. "Mr. Calhoun I need to go to the bathroom. It's urgent." Mrs. Kay wasn't having any of it. "You will sit down and listen. We say when you leave." Principal Calhoun continued his conversation. "You need to hear this first. You can wait. You're 18 years old not a small child. ......... You need to stop fidgeting. When someone is talking you give them your undivided attention and really listen to them. And you should know by now what is expected of a young adult. You used to be so pleasant. Now as a senior things are going down hill. Is being a senior difficult? Has something happened to make you this way? Please tell me so I can help."

All Ashlynn could do was sit there and take this nonsense while she was about to have an accident. All she wanted was to empty her aching bladder before catastrophe. Speaking of undivided attention, her mind she heard everything it was being told from outside herself and from within. "Danger danger danger!" The neurological signals were being sent in waves of unending alarms that something was going to give if she didn't open the proverbial hatch. "Ashlynn please let me help." Mr. Calhoun said again. Ashlynn's answered by saying "You can help me by letting me use the bathroom. Second this teacher has had it out for me since day 1 of this spring semester when I showed up late for the first day of precalculus. I worked late and didn't go to bed until about 11:45 pm. I work too to help my mom pay the rent and other bills. Her two jobs isn't enough and the only place that hired me was a mall department store selling clothes and beauty products ... "

Ashlynn had to regain her breath for a few seconds. "Even after that first day, I still have to work late almost every day and wake up tired for classes .... aahhssss .. oh gawd I have to pee! .... mmmmmmmm ... I do care about my education and I don't want to fail but it so hard. My mom is so busy that on some days she too tired to talk. She even works on the weekends. I can only do so much." Mr. Calhoun, well aware of the trouble of single parents, still had to be firm in his position. "Even so, this is unacceptable. Being sleepy is no excuse. You have to be ready for each day’s lesson plan. I will speak with your mom and have the school guidance counselor talk to you. As for going to the bathroom, well that is anytime. Why wait so long?"

Ashlynn was hurt and offended by the question. As if she chose to put herself in this position. "I didn't wait too long. I have been denied this" Ashlynn got cut off by Mrs. Kay, now furious and angered. "Enough is enough!" Mrs. Kay thundered. Ashlynn flinched in her seat, spurting out of fear. The spurt was a 1-second jet. "I have heard enough of your lies and your excuses. You will not be allowed to disrespect me any longer. I am calling your mother or whoever is at your home for a serious discussion about you. Oh don't feign distress. We all know your faking a need to go to get out of this. I've seen your kind over the years. Never taking responsibility and making excuses to save your own butt. Things were tough in my day and didn't make room for this nonsense. And neither will I!"

Ashlynn had enough being spoken down to. "You see how she speaks to me when things don't go her way. I am tired of being" but she was cut off again by her teacher. "How dare you try to make me the scapegoat. You need to be straightened out young lady. You're spending your lunch period with me for detention." Ashlynn, furious at her teacher, got up in anger only to sit back down. She accidentally let out a half second spurt. She was silenced for a few seconds which her teacher would capitalize upon. "Thats right. You stay seated and keep silent. I have had enough with your poor behavior. Mr. Calhoun she needs to learn a hard lesson. She must spend her time with me. And I don't care if she does have to use the lavatory."

Ashlynn was being assaulted from all sides. From below, her pent-up ocean was still growing and paining her. Outside of her, she was being punished for a few instances of tardiness due to being tired from a hard day's work. What was she to do? And her school Principal was a dud. Useless. "I do agree with detention. But she should eat her lunch first." Mr. Calhoun said only be cut off. "We can't allow this to go unpunished." Mr. Calhoun replied "Mrs. Kay I have the utmost respect for you and understand your position. But I must do what is morally and procedurally correct. She should face detention, but not by starving her and without the means to correct this behavior. Ashlynn you will have detention for lunch period. I will make sure you have your lunch then go to Mrs. Kay. That's final."

Ashlynn was not only shocked but even more stressed. She was tired, in pain, and desperate. She missed one class followed by nearly missing another. Now her only free period, whereby she can go to the bathroom peacefully, is also taken away. What is a girl like her to do? "Mr. Calhoun" "Ashlynn this is the best decision I can make." Mr. Calhoun said. Ashlynn barely got in her side and when she did, nothing changed. This mean teacher got her way and at her own expense. Ashlynn pleaded for some other kind of arrangement but Mr. Calhoun was setting his decision which benefitted her mean math teacher.

Plot continued: Ashlynn had no choice but to endure more h*** with Mrs. Kay during her lunch break. Mr. Calhoun also mentioned her rude behavior towards Mr. Warner and her punishment was detention during her lunch period tomorrow. Ashlynn was dismissed from his office and left. She hobbled out and into the main office still in need of the bathroom. Just then, she heard the school nurse knock on the bathroom door in her office. "Excuse me Drew (another 18 year old senior vomiting), how are you doing?". Ashlynn remembered there was a bathroom nearby and chose to go there. Ashlynn approached Nurse Talia for the bathroom. "Excuse me. Nurse Talia, may I use your bathroom?" The nurse responded with regret. "No I'm sorry. A sick student is using it. You'll have to go elsewhere. The student is going to be awhile." "But I really have to pee like crazy and I am about have an accident." "Well I'm sorry but I have a very sick patient in here. You'll have to find another bathroom."

Ashlynn was left with little choice but to make the trek to find another available bathroom. It was 10:35 am and still only 8 minutes left of 4th period. Ashlynn had to find a bathroom for her wave of desperation jumped to severely unbearable. She was wincing and grimacing, taking small strides as she staggered out of the office. She couldn't contract her dam any further. The pressure was too great to strain her urethra further. She was on the verge of having an accident. Her exit dam quivered as it throbbed. Her breathing was deep and her heart pounded. "Dear gawd why are all the bathrooms taken in this gosh forsaken school?" Ashlynn groaned in a strained voice to herself.

She couldn't go to the cafeteria nor the gymnasium bathrooms because of school policy. Lunch period starts from 11:35 am and ends at 1:59 pm. Since lunch periods didn't start there wouldn't be lunch monitors. And that meant students weren't allowed to be in the cafeteria. Ashlynn's lunch period was at 1:14 pm. The gymnasium bathrooms were off limits for the same reason. Three years ago, a female senior (18 years old) joined her gym class for the that day's lesson about shock put. The student didn't want to miss the lesson but she was bursting big time and tried to hide her dilemma.

Eventually, the student asked to use the bathroom in the middle of performing the shock put exercise. The gym teacher gave received permission for the student to use the bathroom and come back. Once inside the school building, she made her way across the gymnasium and towards the entrance to the girl's locker room. She opened the door and proceeded to make her way down the stairs to the locker area (which also had the showers and the bathroom). A few steps down she missed a step, tripped, and fell down the stairs. This student twisted her ankle and broke her left knee cap. And of course, she emptied her bladder right where she was.

For the rest of the class period she lay there crying and in pain. She even called for help but no one came. Only once the gym teacher Ms. Conti and her class came back from class and went into the girl’s locker room did they see this student. It was then they learned what happened. From then on, it was policy that once the class began no one could go until class was over. Only before or afterwards were students allowed into the gymnasium locker rooms. It even applied to boys. So that reduced the available bathrooms too. Luckily she had the corridor bathrooms ..... or so she thought.

Although there weren't bathrooms near the middle stairwell on the first floor (unlike the second floor), there were bathrooms near the stairwells at either side of the building (like the second floor).

(back to Avana)

Back at the drug company, the lab was going on 2 hours of work. So far, things were going as planned without a problem. "Psst. Psst. Avana. How's it going?" Ingrid asked. Avana put up the OK symbol and continued working. She and Ingrid didn't speak much unless it was break time. They didn't want to get into trouble with their superiors for seemingly having a conversation during shift hours. Avana did start to feel the need to go again thanks to those pills she took. It was mild but nothing she couldn't handle yet. She had a tough bladder, especially from pregnancy.

Avana was almost done filling her fourth dissolving machine with dissolving buffer when her cell phone rang. She couldn't just answer it but knew it might be important. She took off her gloves and went to one corner. She picked up the phone and asked who this was. "This is Principal Calhoun from your daughter's school. Do you have a minute to talk?" said the person on the other line. Avana replied "Right now I can't talk during my work shift. Perhaps I can do so during my lunch break or after work." Mr. Calhoun said it was fine if they could speak after her work shift as this was important. Avana agreed to speak with the school principal after work shift time to speak and hung up the phone.

"I hope everything is fine with Ashlynn. Hopefully it isn't more trouble with her first period teacher." Avana thought to herself. She went to pick up new gloves and continued her work.

(back to school)

"Are you serious? Come one I have to pee damn it!" Let me in!" "I can't. I am sorry." "You're sorry? Screw you!" Ashlynn said as she left in a desperate huff. The bathroom nearest Ms. Jenkins’ class was off limits due to a flood created by blocked piping. Someone dumped drugs into the toilets and flushed them trying to dispose of the evidence. Because of this, the toilets were backed up and needed quartering off until further notice. Ashlynn was dying for the bathroom since morning and it wasn’t helping that she kept facing denial after denial. “Those damn the stupid fools putting drugs in the toilets. Now I have to wait again."

Back in creative writing classroom 106, Ms. Jenkins graded the creative writing assignments while the rest of her class used the time to finish other homework. Ms. Jenkins felt the class deserved it and she was generally a nice teacher. It was now 10:40 am and only three minutes left of the period. She was concerned about Ashlynn, her favorite student. She loved the way Ashlynn let her mind wander to all sorts of places and express it on paper. It reminded her of herself. She wished she could have seen what new piece of work Ashlynn wrote this time. “I hope she isn’t in any trouble. I wonder how long they’re going to keep her?” Ms. Jenkins thought.

Just then, Ashlynn staggered back into her class. Ms. Jenkins looked up to see who it was and became filled with joy. She got up out of her seat but stopped. She raised one eyebrow up as she saw her number one student bobbing up and down. She had this perplexed look as to why she was behaving funny. Ashlynn removed her book bag, opened it up, and tried fishing for her notebook. It was a 5-star spiral notebook with those yellow folder dividers every so many pages. In one of those pages was her assignment. Ashlynn lifted and wrapped her left leg around the right leg while bobbing up and down, and blushing.

She appeared this way in front of everyone but couldn't help it. She was still bursting, and it only continued to worsen. She could barely stand up straight and her need was so important she couldn't help but fumble trying to take out her book. "Damn it come on. Stupid notebook.". Just then, Ms. Jenkins asked Ashlynn her question. "Ashlynn? ... are you alright? Why are you" but she was cut short by Ashlynn. "It's nothing. I ... I just ... oh gawd I have to .. have to .. have to (eyes widened for a brief split second) .... my assignment!". Again she spurted further dampening her thighs. Several rivulets made their way down her already dirty thighs to her knees. Also, some of her urine splattered onto her right foot and shoe. Ms. Jenkins replied, "Ashlynn it's not like you to ... pee dance." Ashlynn followed up with this. "Pee dance who's pee dancing?" Ashlynn said trying to deflect from answering truthfully.

She didn't feel right saying what was on her mind. After all she did sound like a stupid 5-year-old in front of her school principal. Ms. Jenkins wasn't buying this act and asked again. "Ashlynn what's going on? Why don't you use the bathroom before coming here?" Ashlynn didn't want to explain but she did finally pull out her notebook. "Here we .... (breathing hard) go. My assignment." She fumbled amongst the pages eventually getting fed up and accidentally ripping a portion of an empty page. Ashlynn became more frustrated and added to her dilemma down below. Ashlynn was already flustered, embarrassed, and under so much stress.

She didn't need more things not going her way. "Come on come on here we go." She pulled out her assignment and gave it to her teacher. Ms. Jenkins took the assignment, giving a cursory glance and walked back to her desk. Ms. Jenkins still wanted to know what was going on with Ashlynn. Why did she wait so long? Why did she drink too much water or coffee? Questions that permeated her mind. Questions she didn't have answers to. It was 10:42 am and still just enough time to grade one more paper. Ashlynn leaned against another desk on her left while keeping the left leg raised and wrapped tightly around her right leg.

"Ms. Jenkins I have a question about my free writing work." a senior student asked. Ms. Jenkins replied "Oliver it is almost end of class time.”. The student replied. " But it's important." "Oliver see me after school today. Thank you." "Ring". Class time came to an end, thus allowing students to attend their next period class. But Ms. Jenkins wanted to speak with Ashlynn about her assignment. "Jenny, I need to see you for a moment." Vice Principal Shida said. Ms. Jenkins was left without choice but to let Ashlynn go. Her next class was American Government. It would last from 10:47 am to 11:32 am and taught by Mr. Karbine.

Mr. Karbine took seriously the role of government, politics, and the rights of citizens in society, and how civilians can make a difference or do nothing. Currently his lectures focused on the power of political parties and the power they wield. If civilians did nothing or became swayed, then democracy is lost. For now, Ashlynn only cared about her right to empty her bladder at once. The pain and pressure were at an all-time high and still increasing. She spurted several times and needed to find relief asap. Luckily her next class was on the first floor like her creative writing class. But she had to walk to the other side of the campus building. Ashlynn wasn’t about to keep holding back the ocean of golden doom. If she could find a bathroom right away, then she could quickly empty her bladder and go about the rest of her day. Even half full was perfect. She could focus on her schoolwork.

(in the hallways on the 2nd floor)

There was a line for the middle stairwell girl’s bathroom. It was a long line along with the end of the hallway and around the corner bathrooms are also facing the same issue. As usual the senior boys went in and came out, while the girls suffered. And as usual, the Tri-Royalty Brigade occupied the stalls for the middle stairwell bathroom again! Many female seniors were waiting for the bathroom. Some bobbed up and down. Others held themselves. One senior girl was on the verge of wetting herself in front of her peers and those of lesser grades in this high school. This girl was Qaura Qwin. She was bursting so badly and chose to forget about waiting in line.

To the ire of those online, she bursted into the bathroom. She went to the only available urinal, unzipped her skirt, and dropped it to the ground. (Yuck!). She squatted and did her business. She not only found relief for her bladder but for her bowels in that one urinal. "Aaaaaahhhhhhhhh!" She moaned as relief hit her.

The Tri-Royalty Brigade were caught off guard by the cacaphonous sound of Qaura's business. "What in the world?" "Who is doing that?" "Oh oh gawd that odor is horrible." They finished their business and came out to a crude and uncouth sight. They saw what Qaura did and the amount of paper towel from the dispense to wipe herself.

"What the hell do you think you're doing? That isn't a stall you idiot!" Priscilla said. "You filthy tramp! Have you no shame?" Ursula followed up. "Why should I feel ashamed. You three ****** always take up the bathrooms while the rest of us are left waiting or dirty themselves from waiting too long. You three should be ashamed." Qaura said. Camilla responded. "If we go first it's because us sophisticated folks have manners. We don't want to go after some uncouth urchin like you messes up the bathroom toilets and sink. Then we have to use handkerchiefs or a cloth to touch the flush handle and the sink knobs. It's because of uncouth people like you that make public bathrooms a travesty. So inconsiderate. We are the Tri-Royalty Brigade! It's thanks to us elitists society floats so show a little respect and some sacrifice."

Just then, the bathroom door flew open and a swath of girls pushing past each other raced for the stalls. The Tri-Royalty Brigade and Qaura couldn't believe what they saw. It was like a small stampede.

(10:45 am in the hallways)

Ashlynn just made it around the corner towards the gymnasium all while trying not to have an accident. Ashlynn's situation didn't lessen with time and only worsened. She had to stop several times due to a wave of desperation and some spurting. Each time the heel of her shoes touches the ground it made her exit dam quiver, and relax a little. A few times she dribbled too. As usual, the corridors were filled with students going to class or leaving class. Some went to their lockers or left it. It was the usual minefield/mummy trap. Ashlynn thought of just letting it go but that would be messy and put her in more trouble. Just then, she saw a trash pain in one of the classrooms. It was an empty classroom with the light turned off. She was considering going inside this classroom to empty her bladder with the door closed.

Voice 1: No one would think twice. People will think the classroom is off limits.

Voice 2: You don’t know that. Someone could come inside for detention purposes. Don’t do it.

She was fighting a severe wave of desperation with all her leftover strength and will power. Her tired body didn’t want to continue draining itself of energy it needed for the day. After all, she didn’t have much in the tank Plus, it would be an hour before she could try for another bathroom. And her lunch period was at 1:14 pm. She stood there clutching her crotch over her skirt and keeping her legs pressed together. She winced, moaning "hmmmmmmmmmmmm" as she tried to keep it shut. Her dam quivered and throbbed, shuddering as it couldn't keep back the gargantuan ocean trying to escape. She figured that a little privacy was good, even if it was a moment.

Her bladder, urethra, and the rest of her said to let it go. It had been since 6:45 am that she had been holding it. Why not end this suffering. But as badly as she wanted to she couldn't bring herself to do it. She wasn't like Gretchen. And she wasn't Hortense Howard. It was now 50 seconds before class started. Ashlynn made her way to class when she stopped.

She saw the girl’s bathroom and made a quick run towards it. “At last, relief for all my troubles. No more holding it.” Ashlynn thought. She went inside the bathroom and saw only one stall was taken. The other stall door was open. Ashlynn quickly hobbled over to it and saw a perfectly clean toilet. The floors weren’t wet either. She was overcome with joy, which was replaced with defeat. Above the toilet was a sign stating it was out of order. She looked into the toilet bowl to see it didn’t have water to fill the inside. Furthermore, there was no toilet paper in the dispenser. The thought of possible relief and now defeat caused her to spurt again.

She spurted a few times, most of which fell onto her beautiful thighs. She pulled herself together and focused. She swayed her knees side to side, wincing, trying to hold back her growing ocean. Her bladder made a loud burp noise as it spasmed. Her poor insides needed relief and now. Ashlynn shrieked in frustration. “What does a girl like me have to do around here? What the hell does that stooge who calls himself a custodian do in this school-aaaa-aaa-aaaaaaaaaaaaa ..”. Ashlynn bent forward in pain as her bladder spasmed.

Voice 1: If you keep allowing this to expand, you will end up like the fabled Tyco Brahe who died because his bladder ruptured. Forget wiping and just piss you fool!

Voice 2: This isn’t sanitary.

Voice 1: Pissing inside yourself or all over yourself isn’t sanitary. Really?

Ashlynn didn’t have time for this nonsense and chose to use the toilet regardless. However, when she lowered the seat she saw how disgusting it was and why it was kept raised. Not only that but she couldn’t hover over the bowl. Yet again, she had to wait. The urinal was positioned so that anyone opening the door would see her doing her business. She couldn’t do this and left for her next class. She hated herself for this but it wasn’t sanitary nor private.

Ashlynn quickly staggered into class just in time for the lesson. "Ah Ashlynn you've made it on time. Nice! So today's lesson is a continuation of political parties. I said they serve as a check to ensure no one party gets too much power and serve as a representation of a specific group in society. But they can also serve to divide the country. There are different ways in which political parties garner support for their side in an election and either gain power or stay in power." Mr. Karbine said. This teacher was the type of teacher that valued understanding over regurgitation of information.

As of this moment, Ashlynn couldn't care less about the wars between Democrats and Republicans. What she cared about was staying dry and urinating into a toilet. Ashlynn found a seat in the middle of the middle row. She was surrounded by everyone and no privacy to wince and hold herself. "Even the use of political media is a powerful tool for political parties. We have two main types of media. There is conservative and liberal. Both types use their power of voice, knowledge, tone and visuals to sway their constituents to their way of thinking." Mr. Karbine continued. Ashlynn held herself and rocked back and forth.

A few rows away, Hortense was swaying her knees right and left, keeping her hands on the front of her skirt. Hortense was desperate to use the bathroom, sort of like Ashlynn but not as bad. This morning, Hortense drank two large coffees and a large water bottle after gym class. Since then, she has been putting off her need to urinate. It didn't help that the drills from this morning upended things, and she wasn't the type to go during class time. And as usual, she was denied by other girls already at the bathroom or the Tri-Royalty Brigade. Hortense didn't want a repeat of last year in the cafeteria.

In another part of the classroom, Camilla was writing down her notes, thinking to herself about being a politician one day, changing this country into a nation of elites and sophistication. She was a Trumpian and supported the rights of the elite. She wasn't for liberals, but for people like Donald Trump, Elon Musk, and others who were giants in society. These made things happen while liberals whined about the less fortunate. She also had to go but could hold it due to her anatomical gift of having a bigger bladder. Her father used to make her hold it until it expanded enough that she wouldn't be hampered from a quickly filled bladder. This period lasted from 10:47 to 11:32 am (in case anyone forgot and now it was 10:47 am).

(fast-forward 21 minutes)

It was now 11:08 am and time was ticking slowly as ever. Ashlynn couldn’t focus as she moved forward and backwards in her seat. For the past 21 minutes Ashlynn was plagued by a massive of wave of desperation. She shuffled her feet around trying to relieve the tension and help her hold it. Ashlynn regretted her decision to not use the trash pail. The pressure did subside a little from spurting in the bathroom. But as usual it was replaced with more fluid. Her anxiety rose as her need rose. "Mmmhh ... mmmmh .." she moaned.

Every time she made her wave disappear it came back stronger signaling her ocean was ready to come out. Too much was in her exit corridor, and it had to be released asap. She couldn't focus on the class to take notes and currently the class was 5 minutes away from a quiz. That meant being on top of her game for earning an excellent grade. For the last few nights, she barely studied nor did the homework questions. Unlike other teachers Karbine didn't grade you for doing homework questions. He graded the tests and projects to show the knowledge and understanding of the material. Ashlynn did some reading, but it wasn't much with all the homework from her other courses.

Ashlynn was sorely disadvantaged from her job and now trying to hold back a flood. She wasn't ready for this at all. She couldn't do it. How was she to do a quiz? And there was no way she could take a quick trip to urinate. Hortense was also feeling it. She swayed her knees back and forth, holding her crotch part of her skirt. Hortense was severely desperate but not massively bursting like Ashlynn. Still, she displayed a nervous tick that she had to go. In this case, her tick was twirling her pen rapidly. Camilla remained calm as ever. Nothing could stop her from learning about the rights and laws in this great country and how not to abuse it. That was unless it was to serve herself. "I hope this exam isn't very long or complicated." She thought to herself.

(downstairs in the main office)

"What are you going to do about this Melanie? Say something you stupid girl!" Jade retorted. Melanie, seriously desperate to urinate, shook with fear as she was approached by Jade the Blackbelt Dragon (another 18-year-old), master of Judo, Karate, and Tai Chi. She was a man in a woman’s body and the second most athletic senior in the school. She was more of a body builder lifting weights and wrestling. She was the enforcer for the Tri-Royalty Brigade. Melanie weakly responded. "I-I-I ... I will d-do everything p-possible to get the bathrooms cleaned. As for Qaura she n-n-needs to face disciplinary action by Mr. Calhoun." "We aren't here for him. We are asking you! Damn it girl what were you elected for? You weren't chosen to be dud. You work for us Melanie Studabaker!”.

Melanie (another 18-year-old senior) was a kind and docile person who always shied away from conflict and violence. Unlike her friend Octavia, she spoke softly and quietly. She wasn't good at standing up for herself as well as Octavia nor was she outspoken like Gretchen. Plus, Melanie was too textbook at times whereas Octavia was more self-independent a thinker and didn't need someone to tell her what to do. Melanie was a nerd and a smart one too. She always tried to resolve things peacefully and according to a set logical procedure, which didn't always work since people behaved a way outside of logic.

But for now, her ability to speak up was seriously dampened. She wasn't just afraid of this buffed up senior but also of her position. When it came to certain people Melanie became a mouse instead of her usual calm and nice self. "Whatever you are doing isn't enough! Get those bathrooms cleaned up sooner, punish this 12th grader sh** (Qaura), and start getting the ball rolling on the other changes my friends requested! Enough stalling or we will take command of this school." Jade replied.

"B-but" "NO BUTS!" Jade yelled back as she clenched her hand holding Melanie's shirt into a fist. Melanie gulped. She was afraid of Jade and has seen what she can do. The whole school practically knew of her and her legendary strength amongst boys and girls. Melanie replied "p-please don't h-hurt me. I-I am doing what Camilla asked but I must maintain a certain image. And there are procedures." Jade and the other two members of the Tri-Royalty Brigade were becoming fed up. Jade slammed her fist against the wall next to Melanie. Melanie now began shaking with fear.

"If you don't get results within the next hour, we are going to have a real problem. And your image will be the least of your worries. .......... And dare I say you look like you're about to pee your pants. Do you have to pee?" Jade asked. Melanie timidly responded "Y-yes." Jade followed up with a sucker punch that was sent directly to her face. Melanie shrieked as she shut her eyes. Her body was in a state of fight or flight and cared about survival. It didn’t care about her need to urinate and straight up relaxed itself. Five seconds later a pitter-patter, followed by the sight of a small but constant stream striking the ground, forming a puddle that only grew bigger in diameter, even around her shoes. She sank down while leaning against the wall.

Melanie opened her eyes only to realize she was urinating in front of the Tri-Royalty Brigade. Jade had this evil grin to her. She wanted her target to feel fear and prepared to get a fist full of her power. Instead, she was aiming for the wall next to her face. She wasn’t really going to hit her yet. It was a message to Melanie if she fails again. And she enjoyed watching her class president wet herself. Streams of her urine escaped the sides of her underwear and down her legs. Melanie understood it was a trick and she felt so disgusted and mortified.

"Jade that wasn't necessary. We didn't need to be in front of another one doing her business in the open." Jade turned around and with this dirty look addressed Priscilla in a most condescending and superior tone. "Do you want results or do you want to be a p****?" Priscilla was immediately silenced. Jade always went a little too far, even for Camilla. But Jade tolerated Camilla saying this as opposed to her two henchwomen. "I get results (smashing her fist against the palm of her other hand)! You two are just here as witnesses basking in my authority. I am the big guns. Don't forget that!" Jade replied.

"Oh look you're a dirty girl wetting yourself in front of your student body and your once beautiful office. ". Melanie replied "Jade you did this. It's your fault.". "Who is going to know Melanie? It's not like you have security footage and Mr. Calhoun is too busy to care. Besides, what Camilla says goes. You know that president mousy!" Now get up and get cracking!"

(back to Ashlynn)

It was now 11:23 am and the quiz still went on. The questions ranged from multiple choice to short answer response. These questions asked for vocabulary definitions to fill-in the blank, to critical thinking multiple choice questions. The short answer responses required a simple one-sentence response. The whole class sat quietly answering the questions on the quiz. It was almost silence thanks to a few students making noise from a nervous tick from needing the bathroom. They were Ashlynn and Hortense. Ashlynn shook her double-crossed legs like crazy while keeping her left hand wedged in between her legs as extra help to hold it. But again, it was now use. Hortense swiveled her pen while scrunching her toes in her shoes.

What could they do? The cafeteria bathrooms were still off limits and there was nowhere to go. The second-floor bathrooms were a royal pain to walk up to in this state. Ashlynn answered a 4 of the 10 multiple choice questions and 1 of 3 short answer responses. Ashlynn was so stiff she couldn't write or focus. She squirmed in her seat fighting back the same wave of desperation. She willed herself to hold it despite the pain and yet she was tired of holding it in. These mixed signals made her spurt a little, followed by another, and another, and another. They were half-second spurts followed up by a 1 second urine stream. The back side of her skirt had a wet patch now the size of a tennis ball. Worse off, some of her urine went through the back of her skirt and dampened her seat

And still her urine was still growing. It didn't help she drank so much coffee and soda last night plus the coffee this morning. But even so this shouldn't make her urge so unnaturally distressing. Ashlynn could feel her exit dam quiver, allowing some dribbling down the middle again. It didn’t help the windows were open and allowing a breeze into the classroom. At 11:09 am one student received permission to open the window a little. But the cold draft was felt by everyone. It was 60°F but wind chill made it fell as though it was 50°F.

The cold air touched everything with its apathetic hands. From the walls to the desk to the students in it, everything was made cold as the molecules moved at a slower rate from loss of kinetic energy. Some students began rubbing their upper arms and thighs. Some shifted in their seats while others put on a sweater. Ashlynn and Hortense could feel the draft blow by, threatening to cause a shiver and a spurt, or full-blown urination. At 11:20 am, a serious draft blew by, pushing papers over desks and depositing a chill to all the students. The chilly air

At one point she shuddered from the cold breeze blowing by. Ashlynn spurted a 1-second jet, further dampening her nether region, her skirt, and her seat. She dribbled some more too. Her poor exit dam screamed for an end to its torture. It flooded her brain with signals pleading for this nightmare to end. Ashlynn shed a tear listening to herself cry for relief. Hortense was shaking from holding back double waves of desperation. She was bursting now from her need to urinate and bleed. It was that time of the month and it came fast. She felt stinging pain from all over and the pressure just kept building. She couldn't focus nor even hold her pen.

It was now 11:25 am and both girls were bursting. Hortense was on the verge of unleashing an orange disgusting mess where she sat. Ashlynn was on the verge of unleashing a golden downpour. Camilla still didn't budge period. She was right as rain.

(back downstairs)

Melanie watched as her office floor was being mopped. Luckily, she was able to somewhat clean up in Nurse Talia's office, but she needed to shower. Melanie was so hurt and mortified, her mood changed to irritable and unfriendly. She lectured her staff about their performance and spoke rudely to them. "What is the point of the clean up crew? Don't you see the bathrooms need to be cleaned? We don't have all day and there is no room for laziness. You all have cleaned the bathrooms before. It should be a simple task. Can’t you perform your job as required?" Normally, she would never speak this way but she was so hurt and scared. Melanie was displacing her pain upon her staff.

It was now 11:22 am and her subordinates didn't like her right now. One of them also had to pee badly. But she couldn't go either and danced while working. She was moaning from being on the verge of an accident. "Oooooooooo ... uuuuuuuu." Francesca Pierre (18 years old) needed to urinate badly. The nearby bathroom in the nurse's office was off limits and not available to use until she finished mopping her class president's office. "Boss I have to pee and I can't hold it for another .... ooooooo man!" Framcesca Pierre stood there, urinating. Melanie wasn't happy and told her to plug up the works. Then, she had to finish mopping up. Melanie did eventually feel sorry for her but for now, she was the horrible boss. (Get it! Horrible Bosses! It is a movie franchise!)

(back to Ashlynn & Hortense)

It was now 11:29 am and still the quiz time kept going. Ashlynn and Hortense squirmed in their seats, wincing in pain and unable to hold their pen or pencil. Ashlynn spurted once more 2 minutes before, bringing more anxiety than necessary. She shuffled her feet around and kept her hands between her crotch area. Ashlynn couldn't wait for the clock to strike 11:32 am and get out of here. She didn't answer more than a few more questions. It was now 6 multiple choice questions but still only 1 short answer question. The other 5 questions asked for things Ashlynn didn't know nor was she able to think critically. There was one term she didn't remember.

8. When political parties alter the shape and size of districts to suit their own political gain and stay in power, and thus affecting the constituent size for the other party to reduce their chances of winning more votes, what do we say happened here?

Ashlynn knew what was being asked but she couldn't remember the term. Hortense was stuck on another question.

10. What are 5 methods a political party can do to gain voter advantage over their opponents to remain the incumbent party in power?

Hortense could only think of 3 methods. She wrote gerrymandering, political media, and political advertisements. She blanked out on the last two methods learned in class because her mind kept bringing her back to her need to urinate. Thanks to the cold, she already spurted 1 minute ago. She shuddered due to the cold and accidentally let out a small half-second stream of her two pent up oceans. It showed up as an orange-colored stain on her lace thong. Another spurt and game over. Hortense had to focus on staying dry. And she had only two questions left to answer.

Ashlynn had enough and circled an answer for the last 4 multiple choice questions. As for the short answer question, she wrote down a quick one-sentence response about how political parties maintain democracy and keep the other power in check. Her answer involved vetoing and impeachment but no further elaboration of her answer. She carefully got up and staggered over to Mr. Karbine's desk. Just before she could give in her quiz, Hortense rushed to Mr. Karbine’s desk and submitted her test. From there, she ran out the door. Ashlynn gave in her test soon after. Two seconds later the bell rang.

The rest of the class put away their things and got up to submit their quizzes. Ashlynn stood to one side with her left leg wrapped around the other. Once she was confident the coast was clear, she went back to her desk. Ashlynn grabbed her bag and left the classroom quickly.

For Hortense, the next period was her lunch period, and she knew how long the lines get. She ran to the cafeteria as fast as possible to get a spot on the bathroom lines.

(meanwhile downstairs)

It was a hustle and bustle downstairs as students continued to open and close their lockers, go to their class, and line up for the only available bathrooms. Especially the cafeteria, packed with various seniors needing food and relief, or an excuse to waste time. The boys lined up for the usual fast turnout. The female seniors were waiting desperately for their chance to go, especially those bobbing up and down. Many senior girls showed up only to be met with the horror of a huge queue. That included Hortense. Just as she finally made it, the line was already past so many rows of bench tables. It went down to the first row of bench table closest to the door. "F***!" Hortense said under her breath.

"How did the lines get so long this quickly?". The other hallway bathrooms on the first floor weren't ready yet. The clean-up crew closed some of the corridor bathrooms to clean it up. Those meant students accumulating on the cafeteria bathroom lines. Hortense stood their crossing one leg over another, keeping her hands in her crotch area. The female bathroom line was moving very slowly due to timewasters, Priscilla, and one dainty senior girl. This girl was a germophobe wiping down the toilet seat and the flush handle with a disinfectant wipe numerous times.

Priscilla sat in another stall doing her number 2. While doing so, she read a text message made on her Twitter account. It involved frivolous nonsense about celebrities and pictures (selfies) made by dumb girls. The other stall and urinal were in use by seniors having to use the bathroom. A few of them took time at the sink to powder themselves and put on make-up. Many of the senior girls wished they were guys that didn't have beauty needs and an external tube between their legs. Hortense was becoming antsy while online, leaning to one side to see how the line was moving. "Come on move it. I have to pee." Hortense yelled.

One senior girl told her to be quiet. Another stuck out her middle finger. Mrs. Kay and two others stood guard as they ensured none of the girl's or boys used the other genders bathroom. One girl (12th grader, 18 years) was shewed away from the boy's bathroom queue. "But I can't go on this line." this girl said. But the monitor told her to get back on the girl's line. She was on the verge of an accident and one that would pierce her cute pink, Pikachu underwear. What the monitor didn't want to hear was that this student was a transgender female with a penis. In other words, she had a tube between her legs, like males do. Since there weren't transgender bathrooms yet where else could she go but the boy's bathroom.

The transgender student (I am naming her Ginger Greenfield) was new to the school and could only afford to come here to finish her high school education. Her last school had bullies against people like this one girl. Plus, she was assured by Mr. Calhoun no one would impede or bully her. But perhaps this lunch monitor didn't get the memo or didn't care. Ginger did the only thing she could. She was too far away from the gym bathroom and about to burst. She ran like a possessed person into the girl's bathroom, went to the urinal and did her business. There was no stopping the jet stream of gold as it struck the netted cover over the drain inside the urinal.

A female senior of 18 years old that was next to enter, angrily entered the bathroom and told Ginger to move it. "I can't I can't stop it." the Ginger said. But the senior didn't like the answer and pushed her over, causing a near spill and splattered onto Ginger's upper thighs and some of the hem of her skirt, and her hands aiming her stream. The other senior girl stood next to Ginger and pulled aside the gusset of her underwear, lifted her leg, and began urinating. For the girls outside it was sheer torture. Hortense was becoming unhinged as her need reached critical. Hortense began biting her fingernails, double wrapping her leg around her right one, grunting and groaning. She kept thinking about last year and what might happen this time.

"Stupid rule about not using the boy's bathroom. The queue is almost done. Plus, last month I almost had an accident. But at least I pissed into the urinal. This time, I might piss myself here and now. What kind of school is this? And who the hell is the Tri-Royalty Brigade?" She thought. It was already 2 minutes and still no closer to the bathroom was Hortense. There were still 16 seniors in front. Priscilla didn't leave and the germophobic 12th graders just finished wiping herself with flushable wipes. Ginger and the other 12th grader left together, happily relieved and apologizing for rudeness. They went to the gymnasium to change their skirts. The two became friends instantly. The other senior girl with Ginger was June Tipton.

Hortense and several other senior females were not so lucky. It was now 11:37 am and still waiting. Priscilla remained inside and still reading her stupid text. One girl held up one of the sinks for her beauty stuff. The line moved up by two more people but still not fast enough. Hortense was feeling her need reach critical and unable to hold back the impending flood. She didn't spurt yet but the wave of desperation was becoming too much for her. She had to go now. Hortense tried stepping out of line, but the way there was too narrow with people walking past her and those in front of her. She couldn't make it past the line like Ginger. Hortense wasn't helping herself bounce up and down as it only helped to strengthen the wave of desperation. Hortense didn't want a repeat of last year and find another solution.

Suddenly, she saw the lunch monitors walk up to a few male seniors for doing something inappropriate. From here, Hortense could see Mrs. Kay's face beet red and wide-eyed as she scolded them. Those boys didn't get a chance to speak. Hortense could see the door to the boy's bathroom left unattended. No one saw and the other students spoke amongst themselves. Furthermore, the queue for the boy's bathroom disappeared as the queue for lunch grew larger. It was now or never. This was shameful and yet necessary.

She made a break for it again. She ran across the cafeteria and burst into the bathroom. She was greeted by the occupied stalls and only one urinal near the door. "Crap!" Hortense muttered. Just then, the flush sounded as one of the senior boys finished. She immediately went to stand behind the door thinking it would open outwards. Sadly, it opened inwards and out came a 12th grader. Hortense grabbed the senior by the shirt. “I need to pee and if I don't get to that stall, a flood will be least of your worries so move it!". The boy went to the sink and got out of her way. Hortense hunkered down in the stall and did her business.

(back to Ashlynn)

Ashlynn's next class was Art class taught by Mr. Trumble. This class period lasted from 11:36 to 12:21 pm. He was a more relaxed person and enjoyed the free expression of art. The art classes were on the same side and floor of the building as her creative writing. Ashlynn tried the bathroom nearby her previous class only to find the bathroom off limits. One of Melanie’s workers said they were off limits to be cleaned. Ashlynn was annoyed an in pain. She angrily pleaded to use the toilet only to be denied again. “**** you!” she cried out. She had to find another bathroom AGAIN.

And as usual, the nurse’s office bathroom was taken. Iit was because of the clean-up crew. Poor Ashlynn kept being denied the use of the bathroom which her poor, distended bladder needed or else. She whimpered and winced hard due to her need to go. Each step she took made it even worse. Her exit dam quivered and fatigued so badly. It was ready to buckle under the pressure any moment. Ashlynn spurted since morning and on the verge of a major accident. Her bladder made spasm noises as it kept expanding and stretching from mitosis gone overdrive. Her kidneys still pumped fluid into her bladder. Her bladder contracted harder trying to get rid of this poisonous ocean that must be removed. It is biological waste which germs did grow and populated.

Her urethra was feeling the pressure increase and unable to keep itself contracted as far as it could. It was amazing how many neurotransmitters were being produced by the nervous system and after all this time. Her mind was about to go insane. As with this morning, Ashlynn had to navigate the minefield of students in the corridor. At one point, a student bumped into her sending her to the right side of the corridor. She almost spurted as she instinctively wrapped her left leg around her right leg. For another 20 seconds, she battled another wave of desperation due to nearly spurting. She kept her left leg double-wrapped around her right leg and her hands grabbing her skirt for dear life.

Ashlynn continued down the corridor towards her Art class. Along the way, she came across another bathroom. Ashlynn couldn’t believe it as she found another potential place for relief. But then she stopped. She had been mistaken earlier today and approached it carefully. Suddenly, three other seniors went into the girl’s bathroom. Ashlynn went inside hoping against all the odds there was a stall available. Alas, there wasn’t even a urinal. Ashlynn wondered why the universe seemed to be against her today.

(after a few minutes)

It was 1 minute before class started. Ashlynn didn't want to risk being late again and chose to make the trek to class. Just then, someone called out to Ashlynn from behind. She turned around to see it was her art teacher. "Mr. Trumble hi uuuh ... what's going on?" Ashlynn asked while keeping her hands by her side. She bobbed up and down a little while looking at her art teacher. "We are having art class in Ms. Jenkins' classroom. My classroom is being used for shop class. Ain't that a hoot?" Mr. Trumble asked. Ashlynn stiffened her body as another wave of desperation came over her. She tried to hide her desperation, but her voice was a little strained. "Y-yeah it's .. cool. Good to hear." "Oh I knew you would feel that way. Let's go." Before she could go with him, she had to say this. "Mr. Trumble. I might be a little late. I need to go to the bathroom REALLY badly."

Mr. Trumble replied "Yeah sure go ahead. Don't have an accident on my account. Just make it quick. We have a lot to do." With that he left for class and Ashlynn had another chance to find relief. There was another bathroom down the hallway past the arts and humanities classrooms, and before the cooking classrooms. She willed herself to hang on longer until she got to the bathroom. She desperately wanted to urinate in privacy and into a toilet bowl. It was 20 seconds before the bell rang and just as she got to the entrance, she was met with surprise. There was one bathroom stall available. No wet floor signs and even the stall doors were opened. The sinks appeared clean and the mirrors also spotless.

"Eeee!" She squeaked as she finally found what she was looking for. Suddenly, she felt something moving down her thighs. She looked down and gasped. She instinctively relaxed her muscles from seeing the relief finally within her grasp. Ashlynn urinated for about 3.5 seconds. Again, she shut the door closed and began holding herself like an elementary school girl about to wet herself. Due to the mixed signals and the feeling of relief, she accidentally started urinating. Her stream wetted her thighs, snaked around the front and back as rivulets down her thighs to her feet, and sprayed droplets. And a small puddle surrounded where she stood.

She did feel some relief from the pressure but it wasn’t enough. The pressure and pain in her abdomen were staggering. Again, holding with all her remaining strength was torture. 😢 She had to hold on and wait until she was in position over a toilet. She staggered over to the furthest stall, pushed open the door and saw what appeared to be a clean toilet seat and flush handle. "Splendid!" Ashlynn thought to herself. But as she got closer to the toilet, she saw it was a mix of brown with grey for stuffed toilet paper, and yellow. Ashlynn cursed under her breath and went to try the next stall. The door was occupied by another senior student.

Ashlynn shrieked in frustration. “What’s happened to this school? Why isn’t there an available-…….. oh gawd (she said softly)….why is the universe against me today? Why can’t I just pee like normal people into a normal toilet?”. Tears welled up in her eyes as she swayed her knees side to side, and held her crotch via her skirt. Her legs were sullied and probably smelly, and now her insides churned begging for freedom. Suddenly, Ashlynn heard her name being called. “Miss Avalon!” She turned around to see the V.P. Shida. "Miss Avalon ... what's that pungent odor. Ugh students really should flush. Anyway, we are having another fire drill. You know I can't let you stay here." Ashlynn pleaded for help and tried to explain she had been holding it. But right now, V.P. Shida didn’t have time to hear it and hurried her out of the bathroom, along with the other student in the other stall.

(outside the school building)

It was 11:40 am and the day was still beautiful blue as always. The birds flew across the wash of white and aqua. The sun shown bright in the sky approaching its zenith in the sky. The wind chill was cold and uncomfortable as usual. It blew by the grass and trees, causing them to sway along with the wind. However, down below at Nolan James High School, students stood outside waiting to come back inside. Many students rubbed their upper arms to stay warm while others weren't phased. Ashlynn was given to the Ceramics class while waiting outside. She was irritable and tired from holding it this long. Her insides were furiously sending neurotransmitters to Ashlynn.

Ashlynn couldn't believe that she was yet again denied. She was angry and somewhat crying. She shed a tear that traveled down her left eye. All she wanted was to urinate. Her bladder kept contracting as it expanded. Her exit dam still quivered and pained from the straining. Some students looked at her as though she had 10 heads while others snickered or didn't care. Ashlynn was mortified to be this way in public again. But what could she do? There was nothing she could do. She shivered out in the cold and nearly spurted. All she could think about was her need to urinate.

She kept her hands wedged between her tightly pressed legs and bobbed up and down. Wincing in pain and shaking as her stiff body was using up its reserves of energy to hold it. The cold wind didn't help blowing by to threaten another spurt. "How long will this drill take? I have to pee!" Ashlynn thought to herself. Another mild gust of air blew by ruffling the grass and trees. Again, she felt a draft which only threatened to cause a spurt yet again. Ashlynn tried to hold it in but the cool air was too much. Ashlynn shuddered allowing another spurt to escape her. It fell onto her thighs and traveled down her legs. Ashlynn was filled with more anxiety from the possibility of urinating in front of everyone. Not only that, but the feeling of her urine going down her legs only made her shudder again.

She dribbled some more which dripped after traveling down the middle. Ashlynn could feel the sticky urine on her skin of her thighs and legs. It was another two minutes before at last the student and staff bodies were allowed to re-enter the school building. Ashlynn waited in suspense for her turn to go inside the building. "Come on come on damn it why aren't they moving faster." Class after class went inside in mass droves. When at last it was her turn, she followed suit. She couldn't hide her immense need to go as she staggered inside the building. "Oh be quiet. Don't judge!" she cried to a bunch of girls snickering from behind. Like no one else has ever been so desperate? Ashlynn moved as fast as she could. Unlucky for her someone stepped on her foot.

She jerked forward, nearly urinating full force. She spurted a small 1-second stream along with a few droplets. No one saw this but Ashlynn stopped to allow herself to hold it. The crowd of students did walk around and in front of her. They all looked at her like she had ten heads. The air remained cold and windy. Another gust of wind blew but Ashlynn was able to keep it together. Luckily, she didn’t spurt again. Once inside, she tried to make her way to the nearest girl’s room. Ashlynn needed to urinate and find relief fast. Her bladder was still filling up. The pain remained and kept increasing. Her urethra couldn’t contract any further. She now limped a little and stopped once to bob up and down to deal with a wave of desperation. It was always there, but at times (like know) it reached a pinnacle and she had to stop to prevent a flood.

Sadly, she had to move with the gradient of students and their teachers. Ashlynn hoped she wouldn’t be deterred from the bathroom. She just had to make a quick trip to empty her bladder. Her body screamed and her lower region stung going numb. "Mmmmmmm" she moaned several times. "I know body I know. I wish I could go too!" She told herself. But her subconscious and her body kept yelling at her to let it go. "You should have been more like Gretchen and risk detention! It was better you get into trouble than end up in the hospital." Voice 1 said. Ashlynn was just about to pass her creative writing class when her teacher Mr. Trumble stood in the doorway. He saw Ashlynn and called out to her. “Ashlynn. Good to see you. Class is starting now. We don’t have time.”.

Mr. Trumble immediately herded her inside (along with some hallway school staff) and shut the door for the class period. Ashlynn tried to mention her need for the bathroom, but it was cut short. Mr. Trumble was informed of being found in the bathroom and assumed she did her business. He didn’t seem to notice her fidgeting and worried look. Ashlynn tried to speak up but Mr. Trumble brought her into his class. “There’s no time. We have to start now.” Mr. Trumble retorted. It was now 11:45 am and still only about 36 minutes left of the period. Mr. Trumble started his agenda by first bringing Ashlynn to the front of the class. "As I have lectured in previous sessions, drawing another person requires great patience. Today I have chosen Ashlynn Avalon to be the model you have to draw. For those aspiring to be great artists, this is your first opportunity to gain some experience." Ashlynn didn't like where this was going.

@@"Now there won’t be any lewd behavior or depictions allowed. This is for the lesson and requires the utmost respect for your classmate. I will be here if anyone tries something. (Mr. Trumble took it seriously how someone was portrayed.) Ashlynn was horrified that she would have to pose a certain way while staying still for the rest of class time. She couldn't do this. Not now. How was it possible for her to be still and calm. "Excuse me! Mr. Trumble, I need a word with you. Its important!" Mr. Calhoun said. "Alright class begin drawing Miss Avalon. You must adhere to your notes from my lecture as well as your class textbook. It will serve as a guide. Ashlynn will take this pose. (Ashlynn widened her eyes. That pose could make her spurt!) Mr. Trumble went outside to speak with Mr. Calhoun. Ashlynn turned to look back at the class which stared back at her. One girl in the back of the class had this smirk knowing full well this model might urinate right here. This classmate was senior (18 years old) named Ida Williams. The pose she had to take was as shown below. She had to keep still and not hold herself. Period! And she can’t hold down the front of the skirt. Of course, Ashlynn held a pencil not a cigarette. I would imagine her right leg a little higher or even resting on the left arm rest.

Her skirt looked like this.

Her shoes would like the shoe below with a heel just a bit taller by a few centimeters.

The whole class stared at this senior ready to have a bathroom break on the floor. Everyone could tell by the way she was holding herself and panting. Ashlynn just wanted to urinate in a bathroom stall, not sit there looking pretty. Ashlynn tried to get the attention of her teacher. But Mr. Calhoun snapped at her to return to class.

(back to the Melanie)

Melanie sat there with this depressed and emotionally hurt look on her face. Francesca was too angry and bitter to say anything. She didn’t want the whole school to know what she did as she cleaned up the floor she went upon. It was 11:59 pm and Melanie received an update every minute from her staff. She didn’t want to hear about another incident and face Jade again. Her workers knew why she was feeling this way. But they didn't care for the disrespect and living in fear. "Thats it! ." Francesca cried out and stopped mopping the bathroom floor.” Francesca stormed out the door but Melanie ordered her to come back. “You don’t order me around Mel. Just because you’re hurting doesn’t mean you get to behave abusively against me. You’re just another pawn of the elitist mafia.” Melanie was left with more insult to injury.

Francesca wasn't wearing any sort of undergarment for meeting with her handsome boyfriend from the school’s baseball team. They met at their usual meeting point for …. spending time together

(back to Ashlynn)

It was now 12:05 pm and still Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Trumble talked outside. What they were talking about was unclear to the class still focused on trying to draw their desperate model. Ashlynn tried to hold her position for what seemed like forever. Wave after wave of desperation washed over her, pulsating as it throbbed downstairs, turning her exit dam inside out many times over. Her mind was screaming from the incessant cries for help as her poor bladder and exit corridor. She winced and shifted in her seat. Her knees swayed side to side and hunched over. Ashlynn winced and whimpered in front of everyone. Worse off, the windows were open and a strong gust might raise her skirt. Ashlynn couldn’t help it as she kept one hand on her skirt. At times, she even grabbed herself.

Ashlynn instinctively moved back and forth in her seat, shifting in her seat. It was 12:10 pm and her wave of desperation was at another all-time high. She gritted her teeth and winced in pain. The whole class became fed up with her fidgeting. Some felt sorry for her while others just didn’t care. Ashlynn felt mortified she displayed this behavior. But she had to what she could to not have an accident. Ida (18 years old) loved every minute of this and hoped she wet herself. She loved female omorashi. At times, her classmates asked Ashlynn to maintain the pose, which only made her feel more antsy. "I am being calm. Stop telling me to be calm!". Ashlynn would reply in her frantic, irritable tone.

The whole class could tell she was about to wet herself but couldn't do anything to help her. Two minutes later a breeze to blow by and bring the chill with it. Oh how that made Ashlynn even more worried. She already spurted several times and now might do it again. As time went on Ashlynn felt the apathetic chill of the leftover winter air. But for those with full bladders and quivering exit dams, shivering was a bad idea. It was as if the cold air loved huffing and puffing, trying to make Ashlynn shiver enough for one long spurt or urination unchallenged. It was 12:15 pm and Ashlynn was shaking from the cold air and fighting a big wave of desperation. Her face winced and expressed worry. She had to go and the class could see it. Two senior boys talked about how long it would be before it came burst out. "Betcha' 10 she won't make it before class ends." "You're on!"

At last, Mr. Trumble came back inside for class. One student raised her hand. "Mr. Trumble may I go to the bathroom?" "Sure Ida you can go." Ashlynn's eyes widened and her mouth dropped. Her shock was visible to everyone. Mr. Trumble couldn't understand what troubled Ashlynn. He told the class to continue drawing. Ashlynn couldn't believe what just happened. She was the person bursting to go. She was the person whose bladder ached like h***. She was the one person denied the bathroom several times and still denied. How was this possible? "Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr" groaned her abdomen. Ashlynn clutched her abdomen in pain as another spasm occurred.

Crunch time! Her body was starting to rebel against Ashlynn. Her bladder stopped growing but it was so bloated. You would have thought it ruptured by now. But it didn't. It began contracting and forcing this toxic waste against her poor tortured urethra. "Mmmmmmmm" Ashlynn moaned softly. She was on borrowed time now. Suddenly a gust of wind blew by and bringing a chill with it. The chill was so bad that she couldn't help but shudder. Another 1-second spurt escaped her and onto the floor. She did dribble as her urethra exit hole quivered.

@@Ashlynn blushed big time in front of everyone. The whole class noticed her blushing, hoping to get out before witnessing the flood. Mr. Trumble thought she was just nervous from being at the center of focus for the first time. He had no idea of the impending mess that could occur. Ashlynn just wanted the class to end so she could avoid having an accident. Ashlynn had enough. "Excuse me M-Mr. Trumble I ... I have to go pee badly. I was a-about to go until ... Vice P-principal Shida stopped me b-because of the fire drill. She said she caught me in the bathroom ......... I need to pee badly."Mr. Trumble was astonished and surprised. Mr. Trumble couldn’t fathom this. However, seeing Ashlynn in serious need for the bathroom understood the nature of the problem. “I'm sorry. But only one student can leave at a time. When she comes back just go. Don't wait up on me and the bell. But how is the class doing with their drawings?" He asked. Most said they're almost done. Some said they needed more time. And of course, Ida didn't return. Ashlynn was rocking back forth more visibly. In her frantic state she began biting her fingernails.

(at the nearby girls bathroom)

@@Ida was sitting on the toilet watching a YouTube video about omorashi. Ida finished her business but she wanted to kill more time. She was watching the anime cartoon show Shimoneta season 1 episode 8. (This is a real TV show.) The scene she viewed was Anna holding herself as one of her subordinates held a box of all the toilet paper. This subordinate confiscated the toilet paper under the pretense it was lewd purposes. But one of the characters on the tv show nearby explained toilet paper was used for hygienic purposes Thus, it was declared okay for having toilet paper. Just then Anna is forced to deal with a trouble-making student. In the process, Anna whimpered as she probably spurted or just made her tension worse. She briefly asks for recognition of her efforts before running off for with a roll of toilet. Ida enjoyed the desperation that Anna felt, viewing the scene three more times before wiping herself and pulling up her skirt. Ida took her own sweet time as she left the stall and went to wash her hands. "Oh man I wish more anime cartoons had this kind of stuff. May be hentai has it." Ida said to herself.

(back to Ashlynn)

It was 12:19 pm and Ida still didn’t return from the bathroom. Ashlynn wasn’t looking too good now. Each time she tried to make her urge go away it came back worse. Her dam quivered, buckling a few times under the pressure and allowing small spurts to pass. One spurt was a one-second jet followed by another, and another, and another. Her body was rebelling and telling her it was time to let it go ....... or else!. Some of her spurts fell onto the chair and splattered onto her left thigh, and traveled down as rivulets.

Ashlynn wanted to let it go but not like this. Not in front of everyone. She wished she went in the trash pail, went into the bushes outside, etc., but the past was the past. All Ashlynn could do was wait for the bell to ring or Ida's return. The whole class figured by now Ashlynn would have wet herself like a little schoolgirl.

Ashlynn blushed a glowing red and a worried look spanned across her face. She could feel the pain from her exit dam as it fluctuated from numb to stinging to numb. It was like a crazy roller coaster with the up and downs. It would be another 30 seconds before the bell rang. In that time, a breeze blew by that sent a big chill throughout the class. Some students had enough while others kept on drawing. Ashlynn felt the chill alright! She shivered again, which allowed another spurt to escape her. This spurt lasted 1.5 seconds, splattering onto herself from the chair. She flinched upwards on the stool (from this last spurt) and whimpered softly.

The two students placing a bet thought they were lucky. "Oh she's gonna do it. She's gonna do it. Oh man this s*** show is awesome." "I know. I wish we could catch this on camera and post in YouTube." said the other. A few female students watching Ashlynn were disgusted and annoyed. One thought to herself "What is up with Ashlynn? This is embarrassing for a female to do. She shouldn't be peeing herself." Ashlynn could feel her insides churning, wanting her to let it out. Her bladder kept contracting and putting pressure on her tortured exit dam. Everything felt the pain of exhaustion and screaming for freedom. Ashlynn was about to go crazy if this didn't end soon.

Just then, the bell rang which Ashlynn sighed relief. Now she could go find a toilet to urinate into. Ashlynn had to wait for the class to leave before she could.. She sat there more stiff grabbing the hem of her skirt as she fought off another wave of desperation. One by one students left in a hurry before the great yellow flood happens. Except for the two boys making the bet, everyone else left. These two numbskulls kept staring at Ashlynn. Ashlynn felt very uncomfortable by their staring and told them to stare elsewhere. But one of them, named Jordie said "It's just that we've never seen a hot girl piss herself before. We would love to see-" "Okay keep it moving." Mr. Trumble said. Ashlynn was thankful to Mr. Trumble for his help and left. She made a left and down the hallway for her next class.

It was gym class, and she was in no mood for calisthenics. She was tired and disgusting. All she wanted was to plop on her bed and sleep. Luckily there was a bathroom and a shower in the girl's locker room. And she had a change of clothes and shoes. She could do her business and wear something new. She had to pass by the minefield of students again and the long queue of students stretching through the hallway. Ashlynn didn't have the time to wait for the queues to finish up. At least the first-floor bathrooms were hopefully cleaned up as per the request of her highness, Camilla. Ashlynn kept to one side of the hallway, keeping her legs close to each other while walking. She breathed heavily to gain more oxygen to hold it. Her fatigued body needed the extra energy boost. While going down the hall, Ashlynn was nudged a few times. The third time was at the side of her abdomen, causing her to whimper.

A few drops came out landing on her thighs, one of which traveled down between them a few centimeters. Ashlynn stood there for a couple of seconds swaying her legs side to side trying to hold back the flood. One of the droplets traveled down the back of her right thigh to the back of her knee. She felt so uncomfortable by this shuddered from this feeling. That made her relax a little and urinated for about 2 seconds. Again, she closed the hatch despite dripping urine between her thighs.

Ashlynn felt this too which added to feeling her anxiety and disgust with her already unclean extremities. This stream of her urine dampened the insides of her legs and made more rivulets. It also dampened her shoes and made the insides more damaged. Each step she took already felt sticky and wet. Once she could continue to walk without spurting, she felt as though her feet were immersed in an ocean of her urine. It was a miracle there wasn’t squelching.

(fast forward to main office)

Melanie kept her crew at work to meet Camilla's demands. During this time, she was met by Camilla and her friends. "So dear Melanie how are things?" "Camilla!" "Do you need reminding of your duties?" "No! The first-floor bathrooms are cleaned. My people are working on the second-floor bathrooms and the other demands you wanted." "Good Melanie, good. And just so you remember your plac-" But Camilla was cut off by someone else. It was Octavia Starr and Gretchen Grayson. "Camilla you've gone too far. And you somewhat allow this Melanie. But making her pee herself was out of line entirely."

Octavia was filled with a strong righteous passion concerning the mob queen and her cronies, especially Jade. Gretchen also had enough and dying for a fight with Jade. Both had long standing grudges that spanned years. Now it seemed their time came to settle this. "Well well if it isn't the upstart and the untouchable!" Camilla exclaimed. "Don't worry I have all day for a beat down." Jade said. Just then, Principal Calhoun walked in with an announcement. "We have a school event in the gymnasium and everyone must attend. That includes you Melanie. All work on your end stops. But some of your workers may continue their work. We have to get going. It's 12:23 and next period (12:25 pm – 1:10 pm) starts in 2 minutes." He left Melanie's office thereby yet again prolonging the inevitable.

(outside the main office)

@@There was a long line of seniors waiting for the bathrooms in the cafeteria and the nurse's office. As usual, the girl's bathroom took the longest in the cafeteria as with every other bathroom. But the nurse's bathroom had both students from the second and third floors. Currently, the line was held up thanks to the senior girl with germaphobia. She wiped down the seat, the faucets, flush handle, doorknobs, soap dispenser, and of course the handle to the paper towel dispenser. Then, she did her business. These seniors on the queue were heckling at this one germaphobe to hurry. One senior girl (18 years) was crying out for the bathroom in her frantic desperate state. She wasn't just bursting; she was on the verge of a full-blown accident. This girl already wet her panty with a big wet spot and now spurting onto the floor. This stream of her urine emerged from her wet patch several times as it struck the floor splattering onto her shoes and exposed parts of her feet. Rivulets emerged from the sleeves of her panty down the sides of her thighs and down the back. This girl kept moving her thighs side to side, sometimes getting caught in the crosshairs of her urine stream. It only added to her legs getting dirty as they were getting sprayed by her urine, droplets running down her legs and into her shoes. "Come on come on oh please hurry it up!" the senior girl cried out.

A few senior guys (18 years old) spurted too and about to have an accident. Their tubes taught and in pain trying to hold it. One guy jogged in place. Luckily, he didn’t spurt yet. One of the students passing by all this was Ashlynn. She staggered passed everyone while holding herself and keeping her legs close together. Suddenly, one staff person opened one of the main doors allowing a burst of cold air to blow by. Ashlynn felt a quick shiver down her spine which almost caused her to spurt. She did shudder allowing a few drops to escape her twice. One person, a boy from behind several yards away, saw Ashlynn's skirt ascend.

"Whoa!" said this senior student (18 years). It was Eugene. He couldn't believe it and it was his first time he saw it. He felt elated in ways only a nerd with no future with a hot girl could feel. He ran back to his friend Sid (18 years old). (What he saw will be explained later!) Ashlynn kept going to her next class. She did pass by other bathrooms with their long queues. These queues also had students from the upper floors. "I wish one of these bathrooms was available to get in a quick pee." Ashlynn said to herself. She made the right turn around the corner and towards the gymnasium. As time passed the hallways became clearer to walk through and reach her next class sooner. By the time it was 12:24 pm she made it to the door to the girl’s locker room.

A small feeling of relief was in her heart which made her want to let it all out. But she had to remain focused on staying dry. She proceeded to turn the doorknob only to barely move it. She tried the knob again, but nothing happened. "What the? Wait this can’t be right." Ashlynn thought. She became irate pulling and crazily turning the doorknob trying to open it. The gym teacher for this period, Ms. Valdez, came over to what appeared to be a crazy person. "Excuse me Ashlynn. Can't you see the door is locked?" Ms. Valdez said.

"I know it's locked, but I .... I .... oh gawd ... what gives? I have to pee like crazy and I don't how long I can hold it." Ashlynn replied. Her teacher seeing the desperation on the student's face replied. "I'm sorry but we aren't having regular gym period. The gym locker rooms are closed off for safe-" Ashlynn was fed up and interrupted her teacher. "If I don't get inside right ..... (eyes widened) .... I just spurted twice and I might spurt more. I'm about to piss myself so bad safety will be the least of your worries." Ashlynn said. Ms. Valdez couldn't allow for this and went to reach for her keys to unlock the locker room doors. “Hurry! I can’t ..... oh gawd I spurted again. Damn it please open this door."

Mr. Calhoun came over asking what wrong, sounding annoyed. "I don't know what's going on but its’ time for the in-school meeting. Get inside and sit on the bleachers." "Bu-" "Get inside now. You're holding up our brave men and women in blue." Mr. Calhoun said as he directed her inside and to the bleachers. "Your behavior is atrocious, and I won’t have any of it right now." He walked away and scolded the gym teacher for not being firmer on this matter. Yet again this poor girl was denied the bathroom. This was a travesty. She should've waited on one of the queues. But then again, the students on the queues were told to go to the gymnasium by the Vice Principal. So what good was it?

@@Ashlynn sat next to a bunch of 12th graders (18 years) trying not to attract attention to herself. But yet again, she was fighting another wave of desperation. This time it was incessant and kept coming. Each time she held it back it came back stronger. She couldn't help wedging her hands in her crotch area via her skirt. The meeting proceeded as planned and hosted by the school for discussion about the dangers of drugs. One of the police officers began speaking to the student body. "I am officer Politsky from the 12th police precinct. Your school has been a sighting for drugs. With urging from your school principal, I will discuss the dangers of drugs. Drugs are a criminal offense and punishable with arrest." Ashlynn didn't care about that right now. All she wanted was to urinate into a toilet. Why was that too much to ask for? She already knew not to do it and what happens if you do. To her this was a waste of her time. "Drugs are a gateway to a life of crime and villainy. Don't do it. You all know but I must reiterate it. Don't do drugs! It's simple.

The officer continued. "And if anyone tries to pressure you forget it. Tell them no and report it to a teacher or call us. If you see someone using it, selling it, trading it or even seeing lying around, report it at once. Even if it's a (air quotes) from a friend. Such people aren't friends if they're into this stuff. It leads to all sorts of trouble for everyone involved." Octavia and Camilla (plus the rest of the Tri-Royalty Brigade) already knew this. Gretchen kept her head down sleeping through the whole thing. Typical! Gretchen always believed this was an attempt to brainwash people with stupid stuff. First, not all drugs were bad like the medical marijuana. And two; not all drugs were as bad as others. Which was worse-smoking nicotine or overdosing on a methamphetamine? And there was still a debate on whether alcohol or smoking was bad. She felt this was a waste of her time.

Octavia still paid attention out of respect. She always believed all drugs were bad, including alcohol. Of course, having one sip wouldn't kill you but it could be a bad habit. And she hated the smell of it. And she also knew not to do drugs. None of this was news to her. And to many of the other students this wasn't news. Many just wanted to urinate into a toilet before they had a real accident. The girl from earlier spurting outside Nurse Talia's office was spurting like crazy coming here and still was. She too was having trouble holding it. At last, (I will name her Athena Ainslee) caved under pressure and began doing her business. She couldn’t stop going but she could slowly release it. That way it won’t puddle so abruptly and spread.

Camilla was thankful the police broke up the drug rings and go rid of the (as she saw it) 'trash' permeating society. She hated the support for illegals and their supposed criminal enterprises. She figured it was one of the illegal immigrants brought here by their criminal parents. But she hated the police (certain ones) who didn't do enough and put building bridges instead of putting the law first. To Camilla, without sophisticated laws and a staunch attitude, there was no society. She did not think police did brutality since it was their job to catch and haul away dirt bags. She, like her parents, were Trump supporters wanting things to return the ‘good old days’.

Her two cronies Ursula and Priscilla, and other upper-class kids felt the same way. Jade didn’t mind flexing muscle upon the criminals. She enjoyed it when the police did a choke hold or shot the perpetrator. Melanie still didn't feel okay after urinating on herself. It was now 12:36 pm and there was 34 minutes left of the class period. But it was going to be a long, long 6th period.

(fast forward 25 minutes)

It was now 12:50 pm and the police were wrapping up the meeting. Many students were still either asleep or fell asleep, stayed awake out of respect, glued to their cell phones, or remained desperate for a quick trip to the bathroom. One senior girl (18 years old) bobbing up and down asked her teacher three times about going to the bathroom. Each time she was denied because of the importance of this meeting. "Ooooooh I have to pee sososo badly.” the girl thought to herself. Her aqua-colored panty was in serious danger of a serious flood. Everyone wanted the meeting to be over, especially the pee desperate souls that haven't been able to go thanks to Camilla. But one person in particular really had to go above all else. That person being Ashlynn. She rocked back and forth, fighting her wave of desperation, softly moaning and wincing. She spurted two half-second jets of her onto the bleacher seat and her skirt.

What made her bladder so large and desperation so huge? Ashlynn couldn't wrap her head around how a couple of helpings of soda and coffee plus water, orange juice, and Lactose-free milk could do this. What else could be affecting her. Had she finally worn her bladder our or did she have some other ailment that assaulted her. She couldn't tell but she needed the bathroom fast. It didn't help that she gave into temptation around 12:31 pm to drink water from her bottle. Unfortunately, she felt thirsty and hot from expending energy, drinking 90% of it. She was breathing heavily and feeling even more sweaty from fighting all her waves of desperation. It worked her way through her system and her body started processing it. Soon it would add to her ever stressed-out bladder.

Ashlynn was so tired and ready to crash on her bed. She didn’t care if she was dirty or clean. Her body was plumb tuckered out from holding it for this long. And her exit dam couldn't take it anymore. Ashlynn blushed as her face turned red and warm from all the stress and blood flow to her head. She could feel her one artery pulsate. Ashlynn was ready to let it go. She just couldn't endure this anymore. After another 6 minutes, the meeting was over. But school staff began calling each row of students to leave in an orderly fashion. Seniors with serious desperation, especially, the females whined and complained. The senior with the aqua-colored panty was so frantic, that she tried to get up. But as she did so, her time came. She (I name her Jasmin Jax) started urinating where she stood.

Her stream was so strong it looked like that from a high-pressure fire hose. It sprayed everywhere. Everyone around her jumped up grossed out. Those in front who also got sprayed also moved away. One girl (18 years old) sitting directly one row in front of Jasmine screamed from feeling drenched. Teachers and bleacher staff had to remove this Jasmin and take her to the nurse’s office. Mr. Calhoun wasn’t pleased by this and turned beet red.

Gretchen was still sleeping and needed waking by Octavia. The Tri-Royalty Brigade were embarrassed to be members of this school. Melanie didn’t want to hear it or see it. Ashlynn, already tired and upset, almost burst seeing this senior girl (18 years – Jasmine) empty her bladder and be removed. It made her spurt 1.5 seconds, creating a puddle underneath her buttocks. Ashlynn tlinched again, feeling so uncomfortable and blushed.

One of the 12th graders sitting next to Ashlynn poked her on the left shoulder. "Excuse me you're not going to piss yourself? My friends and I are sitting right here?" A mortified Ashlynn angrily replied "No! I'm not going to piss myself!" Ashlynn bobbed up and down, like as though she was ready to get up and leave. Ashlynn didn’t want to end up like Jasmin or anyone else who’s urinated in public. She desperately wanted to leave. The pressure was getting to her. Suddenly, it dawned on her.

She saw the entrance to the gymnasium, her eyes not playing tricks upon her mind. "It's right there. Just get up and go. Just make a break for it. Who cares if you get into trouble." Voice 1 said. Another voice said "If you piss yourself like crazy you can leave too. But just enough to be able to leave." Ashlynn was considering the first option. She just wanted to urinate into a toilet and no one was in the hallways. No queues so the coast is clear. Ashlynn attempted to leave but was stopped by another staff member of the school. Again, she was forced to sit down and wait. Now she was considering having an accident. If it was the only way then so be it. In the midst of feeling rebellious, she accidentally told her tortured exit hole (urethra) to relax a little. It allowed for a small continuous dribble down the middle, and drip down onto the bleacher spot she sat upon. The dampness grew on grew until it puddled a little underneath her buttocks.

As soon as she felt the warm dampness, she closed it shut and again fighting to stay dry. Oh how she wished to be free from this torture by simply urinating. As time progressed Ashlynn became more restless and more exhausted, spurting more and more. "When will this be over? Gawd I have to pee so badly and I'm so tired. And so filthy. I want to complain but to whom? Who can help me?" She wondered.

(in one of the 2nd floor bathrooms)

Melanie's workers continued cleaning the bathrooms along with the custodian. One of them named Luna Lind (18 years old), working tirelessly to clean this bathroom. Luna was fine until now. She also became desperate from drinking hot coffee and water from this morning and gym class. She too began bobbing up and down as she mopped the floors. Just then, she was met by Francesca who finished up with her boyfriend. Francesca didn’t feel right about leaving all the work up to her coworkers. They too suffered and her leaving only added upon the others. Francesca could clearly see Luna needed a few minutes for some toilet relief.

"If you need to pee just go. No one is around. And the Tri-Royalty Brigade can't stop what they don't see." Francesca said. But Luna said she should be working hard on shift for a duty not taking frivolous pee breaks. A female should be able to hold their pee." Francesca put her one hand on her hip and asked Luna this. "How badly do you have to go?" Luna replied "I'm desperate and I do need to go. can still hold it but it would be better to let it go now than later." Francesca understood what it was like to want to hold off when it was possible to hold it. But it eventually leads to feeling bursting and frantic. "It's better to go now. Don't worry no one is around. And besides we're females.” Franceaca said.

Luna thought about it for a moment and realized no one was around. If she flushes quickly after urinating it won't dirty the toilet too badly. And she can spray air freshener too. "You’re right Francesca. It’s time for me to take a piss break." Luna put aside her cleaning tools, closed the door and removed her underwear down to her lower legs. The seat was disinfected and cleaned so using a toilet seat from paper towel was not necessary. Luna sat down and let out her stream. For a whole 20 seconds she urinated completely, pushing the rest of it out too. She wiped herself and got dressed. Luckily it didn't dribble to both sides of her buttocks. She flushed and washed her hands. She used air freshener and continued to clean. "Thats better. Thanks Francesca." Luna said. "No problem Luna!" Francesca replied. They continued working until this bathroom was clean.

(back to the gymnasium)

It was 1:00 pm and only 10 minutes left of the period. And the meeting ended around 12:57 pm. The student body continued to empty in an orderly fashion. Ashlynn was forced to stay behind by the gym staff for trying to run out the doors and almost bump into other students. Mr. Calhoun thanked the officers and asked Vice Principal Shida to show them out. Time passed as students left for what was their original destination (the classroom to be in as stated by their schedules). Ashlynn didn’t have to leave gym class but she had to urinate and badly. Her body was rebelling more. She spurted as she got up to make a break for it. Though she got it under control, she still had rivulets going down her legs. A few droplets fell off her.

Yet again, she was sent back to her seat and in her puddle.

Ashlynn was now in tears. So close and yet so far. Again, she sat in her urine-soaked skirt. She wished she just urinated anyway despite the dirty state of the toilets. And she was about to as well. But someone caught up to her. It was Ashlynn’s angry, apathetic, ruler-in-hand, evil-eyed Mrs. Kay. "Looks like detention came earlier than expected wretched urchin. And don't worry about lunch. You will get it when I say so." Ashlynn was horrified. Not only was she being denied the right to urinate but also to eat food. This was wrong and Mr. Calhoun was a usual no-show to stop this tyrant. Ashlynn got up in protest but sat back down trying to prevent an accident. She was in real trouble and no amount of asking for the bathroom or the cafeteria was going to save her.

Ashlynn was also confronted by Mr. Calhoun. “I am done with your childish behavior and sending you to Mrs. Kay’s for detention. As stated, you will have your lunch but you still have detention. That’s it! Mrs. Kay, set her straight.”. Mrs. Kay replied sternly “Ooooo I will!” Ashlynn was picked up and hurried by Mrs. Kay to a nearby classroom specifically for detention. It was the same one where Gretchen sat inside for public urination. During the trek, Ashlynn tried to let go but her math teacher was too strong. Plus, she spurted several times being forced to keep up. She did at one point urinate for two seconds. As usual, more rivulets traveled down her thighs and lower legs into her shoes. Ashlynn pleaded a little as she was brought inside. But Mrs. Kay wasn’t hearing any of it. (It was now 1:05 pm)

(after 10 minutes)

It was now 1:15 pm and Ashlynn wrote on the chalk board. She was forced to write on the chalk board several times about how to behave in pre-calculus class. Ashlynn did this bobbing up and down and writing sloppily. If she wrote badly or finished the whole chalk board, she would have to erase everything and write it all over again. Ashlynn wasn’t allowed to rest her tired legs nor take a bathroom break. This teacher finally got the chance to punish her and wasn’t about to spoil a minute of it with mercy. Ashlynn was still desperate as ever. Her fear and anxiety only added to her frantic mind set and her ability to hold was dampened. She wrapped her left leg around her already wet right leg as she winced and whimpered trying to write on the chalk board. At one point, she stopped writing to fight an urge so strong she was about to do it right there and then.

Mrs. Kay thundered as she called Ashlynn’s name to remind her she wasn’t to stop yet. Ashlynn spurted onto her legs again. This was bad for Ashlynn as she wasn’t going anywhere. Only her jailer could decide when enough was enough. Mrs. Kay didn’t care if she was hungry, tired, desperate, or if she had work after school. It was her time to drill respect into this young pupil. Ashlynn pleaded again but she was interrupted and told be silent. Then Mrs. Kay told Ashlynn to write "I Ashlynn Avalon will not disrespect Mrs. Kay anymore!" many times over. Ashlynn gave her this 'You're cruel and I hate you' look. But Mrs. Kay didn't care. She snapped at her to continue writing without fidgeting and standing hunched.

Ashlynn had no choice but to comply. She just wanted to get out of here as soon as possible and hoped that following orders would end this for good. Voice 1 said it was better to urinate right here and become like Gretchen. That way she could leave as this was torture. Voice 2 countered with the argument that it would only make things worse and further upset this teacher. Voice 1 said this was wrong and she should stand up for herself. All this in her mind was too much and she began urinating a 1-second spurt. Again, Ashlynn closed the exit hole shut but she was running out of time. Her bladder was expanding again and paining her too.

She couldn't stop fidgeting as she bobbed up and down in one place. The more she fidgeted she had to write three more times. Ashlynn had to stop herself at once to prevent staying longer. She could feel every droplet and rivulet on her skin, some of which still traveled down her legs. Ashlynn couldn't blush anymore. Her face scrunched and her eyes squinted. She bobbed up and down ever so slightly. But this time Mrs. Kay didn't care. By 1:15 pm Mrs. Kay was satisfied seeing a defeated and more obedient Ashlynn. Her next edict was to rewrite chapter summaries by hand using black pen and many sheets of loose-leaf paper. Mrs. Kay was determined to see a well written summarization of the assigned chapters legibly written and with an understanding of the material. Each chapter was 20 pages long and since the time was small, Ashlynn only had to focus on the main points.

Just then, Ashlynn's cell phone sounded off due to a text. Mrs. Kay, who already confiscated her phone, checked the text message. It stated that Ashlynn didn't have to come to work today. Her manager chose to give Ashlynn two days off as a reward for her hard work and dedication. Mrs. Kay had this evil grin on her face as she explained to Ashlynn she wasn’t going anywhere.

(inside the principal's office-------------

Mr. Calhoun was steaming from the disrespectful attitude from Ashlynn and other students. But especially Ashlynn. He couldn't figure out what made her so different. At the end of his contemplation, he figured may be Ashlynn was no different than other teenagers in her generation. In the end, the teenager in her finally came out. "Figures. It was bound to come out sooner or later." He thought to himself. It was about 1:40 pm and he was busy doing some paperwork. Just then, a knock at his door took him out of his work zone. "Melanie what can I help you with?" Melanie walked into his office with authority. "Mr. Calhoun I am here to report the Tri-Royalty Brigade. And please don't tell me they are law-abiding members of society. You don't know what they are like behind your back. You don’t know what Jade made me endure earlier today." Melanie exclaimed with passion and conviction.

@@-----------------The Tri-Royalty Brigade---------------

The meeting ended and now they were in their next class. It was now 1:40 pm and in their cooking class. It was on the first floor near the art and painting classes. They were tasked with making a common breakfast dish: pancakes. Camilla along with Ursula and Priscilla weren't too thrilled about making pancakes and getting their hands dirty. They came from households whereby a paid cook and maid did the cooking and cleaning. However, Camilla told her friends it was better than allowing illegals into their homes to do the work for them. This was America and only true Americans knew how to cook and clean like a true sophisticated American could.

Camilla had this intense look on her face due to wanting independence and her desperation for the bathroom. She waited too long for the bathrooms to be cleaned. She couldn’t understand how her requests should lead to so many queues. Of course, she blamed it on Melanie. “Stupid Mel can’t even have all the bathrooms cleaned in a timely manner.”. Even her muscle Jade couldn't punch out everyone on these long queues. Camilla began bobbing up and down every so often. But she remembered her father's training lesson. At about 1:44 pm, their teacher Mr. Keane called out to Camilla.

"Camilla stop what you're doing. Ms. Reynolds from the Principal's office is here for you. You have to go with her." Camilla displayed her annoyance and left with Ms. Reynolds. They went downstairs and to Mr. Calhoun's office. She was met by Mr. Calhoun and Melanie. She could see both weren't happy. Mr. Calhoun had this upset look and his eyes darkened. Camilla didn't know what to think. "Sit down!" Mr. Calhoun said as he motioned to Camilla to a seat. Camilla had this ‘deer caught in the head lights’ look on her face as usual to appear innocent. Camilla sat on the same seat Ashlynn did. Yikes! And no one knew what Ashlynn did on that seat from earlier. Mr. Calhoun was annoyed as it was. And now another student he thought was a good student was also not so good? Oh boy.

@@-----------------------back to Avana------------------------

It was 1:44 pm and Avana ate lunch along with her friend Ingrid. They were discussing the work to dissolve their respective drug products. "Oh boy that was tough right Ingrid?" Avana asked Ingrid. Ingrid replied "I know. They are working us to the bone these last few weeks. And we can't talk either. Yikes.". They changed their conversation to center around their morning. Avana spoke about waking up at 6:56 am followed by her daughter. From there she got together her mugs and her daughter's mug. Avana explained she brewed coffee for them both. She also set up a glass of Lactose-free milk, water and orange juice for Ashlynn too while brewing the coffees, and while Ashlynn rushed to be ready. Both Avana and her daughter were still tired from yesterday’s work. It was rough on them both working to pay for rent, and Ashlynn going to school.

Once the coffee was ready, she poured it into their mugs and let it cool off in the freezer a few minutes. She went to open the bottle of water pills for her morning dose of at least 2 water pills with her breakfast. As usual, opening the cap was a royal pain in the back. It was 7:07 am and time was running out for Ashlynn. Avana knew they needed their morning coffee, especially Ashlynn to stay awake. Finally, she got the cap to open and took out the mugs of coffee from the freezer. She placed the mugs on the table next to the glass of dairy-free milk. Avana went to take from the medicine bottle only to be startled big time. A loud banging on their apartment door startled a still sleepy Avana. She became startled flinching upwards by surprise. She had a mini heart attack every time that jerk of a landlord banged on the door for rent money.

In the process of flinching, her hand holding the open bottle of water pills flinched upwards. Avana ended up spilling the pills over the table. They rolled all over the table and a few onto the floor. Avana put the bottle down to catch her breath. "Open up I want my rent money." shouted Mr. Dewey, their landlord. He was a jerk with a sore disposition. He knew it would help him get the money. "Coming!" Avana called out while cursing under his breath. She got the money, opened the door, and politely greeted him. But the landlord snatched the rent money and left. Avana shut the door and moved on to breakfast. She proceeded to gather all the water pills before Ashlynn came out here only to trip on them.

She knew there was a total of 20 pills in the bottle before the spill. Now there were only 9 pills left after the spill. She saw 5 were still on the dining table, and 2 on the floor. Avana recounted to Ingrid that while she collected 5 on the table (which she put back into the bottle) and the other two she threw away, she couldn’t find the other four pills. She wondered where they went. But time was running out and she had to act fast. She took the quantity of the diuretic pills and put it in her mouth. She drank her coffee and proceeded to make her breakfast. By now, it was 7:10 am and Ashlynn finally came out in a hurry. She drank her coffee and Lactose-free milk. The did this while jogging in place and occasionally holding herself. Then, she ran out the door with her books and left for school. It was 30 minutes away, even by foot and the bus already left. Avana was nowhere near ready to leave yet. She didn’t have her morning coffee.

Avana did ask if Ashlynn was ready and to have a great day. But Ashlynn replied “Gotta go mom!”. Avana just wanted to say hello and tell her to have a great day. She barely gets to spend time her daughter. She hated this dump but what could they do? Where else could they live? Ingrid gave her sympathies and told her morning. Ingrid wasn't rich but she and her family lived in a decent house with stability. Avana wished she and her daughter had that. That's why she saved and saved plus pushing her daughter to do well in school, to get a good paying job, and pay for a good home. After a few minutes they changed the subject to something else. It was 1:47 pm and their conversation topic changed to what was new in the pharmaceutical industry. "I hear that GlaxoSmithKline has come out with a new diabetes drug." Ingrid said. "Oh really? That sound nice." Avana replied.

@@---------------------back to Camilla-----------------------

"But there is no proof. That is her word against mine. You know my father owns this school. He won't tolerate you". Camilla couldn't finish her sentence cut short by Melanie. "You always resort to your father or Jade to threaten other students. It won't work this time. You want proof. My witnesses are the unbiased staff who work for me. They will tell the truth if you ask." Mr. Calhoun was very serious about what he heard from Melanie say about this Camilla. Just then, Francesca walked into the room. She came to resign from her position only to find herself walking into what was a heated meeting. Melanie was relieved to see that someone from her staff showed up, and a witness too.

“Mr. Calhoun, this is Francesca. She works under my administration and witnessed what Jade did to me. I can’t expect her to vouch for me after the way I treated her. But she will tell the truth if you ask Mr. Calhoun.” Melanie said. Mr. Calhoun turned his attention to Francesca. Camilla, now angry, retorted “This is a witch hunt to try to ruin my credibility. It is a set up! She’s just blaming me for how her administration has failed this school. I am being treated like President Trump has been treated.” Francesca wanted to walk away but Mr. Calhoun spoke his question to Francesca.

"Excuse me Francesca. Tell me the absolute truth. Has Camilla bullied or pressured you or the class president in any way?" Mr. Calhoun asked her. Francesca thought about this for a moment. She wasn't prepared to get into a fight with Camilla and end up facing a knuckle sandwich from Jade. Plus, why should she stick up for Melanie for the way she was treated? She didn’t feel she owed Melanie anything anymore. It would mean getting revenge against Melanie. But Camilla and her cronies would go unchecked. And besides, she didn’t to be pressured to keep silent until the end of the school year just to protect Camilla. She didn’t feel she owed this rich brat anything.

Francesca replied "I don't see why I am on the hot seat and I don't care to help Melanie right now." Camilla smirked as she knew she would get away with it. Mr. Calhoun was annoyed as it was. He didn’t want more nonsense and didn’t want her taking anyone’s side. Melanie responded “You don’t have to help me. You’re not asked to help me. You’re just being asked for the truth about what Camilla and her friends did. Francesca replied “Because of you I ended up pissing myself cleaning up your accident. It is your fault. I hate you and I came to resign from being on your staff.” Camilla whimpered in excitement and vindication. Everything seemed to be going her way. But that was short-lived.

Francesca wasn't done speaking. "If you must know, Melanie wasn’t forced to piss herself in her office by anyone. However, Jade tried to scare Melanie by pretending to try to hit with a sucker-punch. Melanie, like most people in this school became afraid and out of fear, went where she stood. I know how embarrassing and hurtful that was, but you treated me horribly. I told you I had to go and you wouldn’t let me. So I eventually couldn’t hold it and I went. However, Jade does use her strength and fear tactics to make people fall in line with what Camilla wants when things don’t go her way. And of course, she can be absent when Jade does this to say she has an alibi.

Both Jade and Camilla were appalled by this and protested about their innocence. “I beg your pardon” and “That’s not true. How dare you” came from their mouths. But Francesca, who had enough of being a lacky, continued. “Camilla and the Tri-Royalty Brigade do this stuff all the time. They have the dirt on many seniors and lesser grade students in this school. They know how to use this to their advantage to get what they want.”

Camilla heard enough. “Mr. Calhoun, I am nothing like what she describes. I am a law-abiding citizen who had always done my best to navigate life in this school of lawless, incompetent, and uncaring …. Urchins. And yet, I am being called down here being put on the stand for what? Tell me. Yeah that’s what I thought and you know something? You aren’t a very grateful principal. The top donor to this school entrusts his daughter to you and this is the way such people are treated? Disgusting! The bathrooms were terrible, the students have no manners or class, and I have to suffer being around such urchins? I have held my tongue for too long. I will tell my father about and have him straighten you out (fist punching his desk). It’s time for new leadership and finally get this school whipped into shape!”

Mr. Calhoun heard enough and immediately replied "Tell your father I serve this school not your father. Camilla you and the Tri-Royalty Brigade are done. And so is Jade. From now on you will no longer have a say in what goes on here. And don't worry about Melanie. She has been fired and a new class president will be chosen by special election. I'm going to have a talk with your father. Don't go anywhere. Francesca and the rest of you can leave. And I want the rest of the Tri-Royalty Brigade to remain here down here too.”

@@-----------------------back to Avana------------------------

It was 1:53 pm and in the last minutes of their lunch break. They were enjoying their conversation about drug pharma news. But two minutes later, Ingrid thought of something crucial. "Hey Avana?" "What's up Ingrid?" "You said you didn't know where the other four pills went right?" "Yeah?" "Where did you say you were standing when you spilled the diuretic pills?" "I stood nearest the mugs I of coffee on the table. Why?" "Isn't that where you said you put Ashlynn's mug of coffee?" ........................ "Uuuuh yeah? And?" "What if that's where the other four pills landed? After all you said it wasn't on the table, the floor, or the chairs."

@@---------------------back to Ashlynn-----------------------

It was 1:56 pm and Ashlynn was in the middle of summarizing the first chapter. She had to read and summarize each section topic while bursting. She was tired and desperate, and just wanted to be free from this bondage. Ashlynn tried to read each chapter and write legibly. She swayed her knees back and forth, unable to hold herself. Her urge to go kept rising as the pressure rose. Her bladder was still filled up a little more and aggressively contracted in rebellion to holding it. She felt bloated and full in her abdomen as her kidneys were doing everything to remove as much liquid as possible. Ashlynn was starting to dose off. At one point, she dosed off for a second, only to abruptly wake up. During that second, she began urinating. It took her about a second and a half to close off the tap. Some of her urine came close to falling off the chair.

Again, she found herself sitting uncomfortably. Her arms and hands shook with fatigue as she tried to write. She moved forward and backward in her seat. Her urge at times became so intense waves of desperation she had to stop. But as usual, Mrs. Kay would thunder as she called Ashlynn’s name. “Wake up. You’re not here to sleep. You’re here to learn respect!”. Ashlynn almost spurted as she jumped in her seat. In addition, she exhausted much of biological energy in her system she started to feel hungry. Mrs. Kay continued her vulture like stare ensuring her quarry couldn't leave for any reason. Ashlynn knew she couldn’t write everything down and resorted to only the main points in each chapter section.

During this time Ashlynn found it very hard to not fidget. Her urge would come back even stronger as soon as it briefly subsided even if she didn’t feel a wave of desperation. At times she had to put down her pen for the sake of holding herself, wincing in pain and fight her urge to go. Mrs. Kay would smack her desk to shake her out of it and scold her to finish the work. She threatened Ashlynn with writing these chapters again on top of her assignment. Mrs. Kay was determined to make an example of her and whip her into shape. Ashlynn had to urinate so badly and this anxiety from her teacher only added to her woes, steadily increasing her desperation. Ashlynn kept shifting her feet and legs where she sat. Currently, she wrote like a possessed person desperate for escape and relief.

It was now 2:00 pm and Ashlynn was shifting her feet while standing them on her toes. She did sway her knees a little, but she was so focused on her work to eventually escape. And worse, she just missed her lunch period! “The slope of a line can be found using derivatives in the form of y=mx+b.” she mumbled to herself in a shaky tone of voice, writing frantically. Her breathing was loud and heavy. Two minutes later, she spurted yet again followed by dribbling. The dribbling kept going for another two minutes. She could feel it pooling underneath her and strained harder. Again, she faced another strong wave of desperation. She winced, her hand shaking trying not to hold herself.

Ashlynn turned around and began pleading for the bathroom. “Please let me pee. I’m sorry for the lateness and …” She was cut short by her detention teacher. Mrs. Kay replied “FINISH THE WORK. NO MORE EXCUSES!” in a loud, angry manner. Ashlynn couldn’t take it anymore. Ashlynn yelled back "Stop it. Just stop it." "No. I won't until you get your act together and finish this assignment! Do as your told and learn some respect!" Mrs. Kay roared." Ashlynn continued to hold herself and fighting this wave of desperation. "You are a waste child. You can't even find the time to empty your pitiful bladder since this morning. It is atrocious. I don't know what you do in this school. But I am through with you. I am reporting your behavior and having you thrown out. Some other set of poor fools can deal with you." Mrs. Kay left the detention room and shut the door behind her.

Ashlynn was finally alone and could leave without anyone noticing. She carefully got up and staggered over to the door. She did drip urine off her underside and a few rivulets traveled down the back of her thighs. Ashlynn didn’t notice this. At the entrance to classroom, Ashlynn shakily grabbed the doorknob and proceeded to turn it. Ashlynn froze. Her eyes widened with the realization of what her teacher had done. She was locked inside this classroom by her evil math teacher. Ashlynn couldn’t believe it. How could this monster do this? Why? How badly was this teacher going to punish her she wondered. Suddenly, she let go of the door.

Suddenly she was overcome with another wave of desperation which was so powerful it wasn't going to subside. Her body was giving its final push. Her tortured exit dam was on over overdrive sending signals beyond belief to her already burdened brain. "Ah ... ahssss ahhh oh gawd I have to pee! Ooooooommmmmmm!" Ashlynn moaned. She stood their stiff and somewhat shaking. This urge was the worst it has ever been and massively powerful. It took a lot of her remaining will power to hold it. She winced in pain and distress. Her heart raced like crazy as it pounded pumping more blood to give more oxygen for energy. Poor Ashlynn leaned against the door standing hunched.

Ashlynn couldn’t strain her poor tortured urethra muscle. It was so exhausted and drained of energy. From the roller coaster of pain and numbness, it couldn’t obey her command to strain more. "Nnnnnnnnnnaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!" She cried out. "I can't do this anymore. I can’t. I just can't." And it came true. Time was up. Her tortured exit dam finally buckled, causing her to spurt jets of her urine. "No nonononononononononononooooooooo (gasp) ......................". Ashlynn's body finally gave way from spurts that lasted half a second, a second, two seconds, three, and at last full-on urination. At last, she was urinating everything that remained built up in her bladder.

It all came out as a stream of urination followed by several small streams and droplets striking her thighs and legs pressed together, her feet and shoes, and the floor. Because she kept her legs pressed tightly together, the insides of her legs faced the onslaught of the flood. Her urine sprayed out a like a fire hose. It was a combination of a powerful central stream surrounded by smaller streams and droplets falling outwards. Her central stream drenched the insides of her legs. Rivulets emerged from all around her. It traveled down to her shoes and feet, and the ground. Her shoes were filling up with her urine and traveling down the sites of her shoes. Some of it overfilled from the sides of her shoes. Some rivulets snaked down her thighs to her feet. Some even went down the front or the back, and/or around her legs.

Where her stream struck the skin of her thighs splattered as droplets bouncing off in all directions or as smaller streams falling onto the ground. It was a mess that lasted for three and a half minutes. The puddle was huge and some of it stretched outwards as a river traveling away from Ashlynn. By the end of the ordeal her legs were not just sullied but stained with several rivulets and spotted with droplets of her urine. Her urine stream had slowed to a trickle that lasted another two minutes. It slowed from a fast trickle to a medium trickle. Then it slowed to very slow, and then one or two every several seconds. They felt onto the ground, splattering onto her shoes or feet. Some of her rivulets kept traveling down to a point and some droplets did too. She was dripping like crazy.

She sobbed against the door because she didn't want this. Not only that, but her evil teacher wasn't going to hear any of it and bring down more h*** upon her. There was nothing she could say about what's happened here. And all because she was denied several times plus being locked in this room by an evil teacher. Who would believe her word against that of a witch like Mrs. Kay? There weren't witnesses. She was all alone. It would be seen as all her fault. And Mr. Calhoun would take the side of her evil precalculus teacher. Just then, she heard the doorknob jiggle. She could hear a voice on the other side and some keys being shuffled. Then, the sound of the doorknob being unlocked and opened.

Ashlynn was filled with so much fear and looked away, thinking it was her evil teacher. But instead, it was Vice Principal Shida. What they witnessed was a total shock to them. They looked at the ground and then at Ashlynn. Ashlynn stood there shaking in fear, looking down at the floor. "Ashlynn what happened? What is this?" asked the Vice Principal. Ashlynn couldn't speak. "Ashlynn why were you in here? And with the door locked? And is that pee?" she asked Ashlynn again.

Ashlynn couldn't speak. "Miss Avalon, what happened? What is this?" V.P. Shida said. Ashlynn was too afraid. She chose to approach this from a different angle. V.P. Shida remembered the lockdown drill and figured perhaps whoever was the teacher did this. "Ashlynn who was your detention teacher?" Ashlynn stood their silent and afraid. V.P. Shida assured she wasn't in trouble but only if she told her what happened. Ashlynn took a moment before speaking. "It was Mrs. Kay. She wanted to punish me for being late and not always doing well in her class because I work after school, sometimes so late. I asked permission to use the bathroom, but she denied me the use of the bathroom and lunch" "Wait what?" V.P. Shida asked with surprise.

"Okay don't worry about ..." V.P. Shida heard a pitter patter and realized it came from Ashlynn. She was urinating again. She tried to stop it, but she couldn't. Again and again Ashlynn tried but her nether region wouldn't budge. "I ... I ... can't stop it. I have been holding it since" but she was cut short by the V.P. "It's okay. I get it. And it's not okay for her to lock a student in any classroom." Her current urination was 20 seconds long by which point now it went to a trickle. Then it went to dripping every second. As with her previous spurts and full-on urination, there was splattering off either her feet or the floor and onto herself.

The Vice Principal came back with a roll of paper towel for Ashlynn to wipe herself up. Behind her was the custodian who had to clean up the mess. V.P. Shida understood the situation but asked why Ashlynn wasn’t able to make it. She caught her twice in severe desperation. Ashlynn explained the whole ordeal and why she was denied the bathroom. She did say she didn’t understand why she was so desperate. She felt something was wrong. She has felt desperate before but always had a chance to urinate. This time was unnatural and so unbelievably bad.

Just then Mr. Calhoun and Mrs. Kay came in only to see this spectacle. "So now she can't even hold her pee. Juusssst wonderful! Absolutely ridiculous. I am dealing with an infant." Mrs. Kay said. "Mrs. Kay you have fault for this! You knew this student was in danger of having an accident and you choose to lock her inside this classroom. Abhorrent! I had to unlock the door to see who was in was inside. No student is to be left unattended during any emergency drill. Period! Mrs. Kay-“ V.P. Shida was cut off by Mr. Calhoun. "This student has been nothing but disrespectful and now I see she did this?". The Vice Principal was surprised by his position. "Excuse me this door was locked and lord knows how long. And you mean to tell me she is at fault for this?"

"IS SOMEONE GOING TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS ... THIS ... THIS ...... I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO CALL HER!" Mrs. Kay shouted. V.P. Shida replied “You mean a student who hasn’t been able to urinate under your watch and also went without lunch? This is unacceptable. I knew you had anger issues but this is enough! Mr. Calhoun, I did find this young girl in here by herself. No one was here with her and during the whole lockdown drill. Who does this? Why was Mrs. Kay not here? You said she had been disciplining a student. By now, the detention should be over and it’s passed her school schedule for being in this building. How is this possible?" But Mrs. Kay already began berating Ashlynn in a fit of rage. She even spilled her guts about locking Ashlynn inside this classroom as part of her punishment to teach her a lesson. She even claimed Mr. Calhoun would take her side to take further action against Ashlynn.

V.P. Shida interrupted and told Mrs. Kay “Mrs. Kay back off. You need to calm down.” Mrs. Kay thundered back “I WILL NOT REST UNTIL SHE IS CORRECTED AND CORRECTED SEVERELY!”. V.P. Shida couldn’t believe what she heard and the context of this. She turned to Ashlynn. “Miss Avalon you’re done here and I’m taking you to the nurse’s office. Mrs. Kay, we’re finished.” Mrs. Kay turned beet red and attempted to put Ashlynn back in her seat. Mr. Calhoun stopped Mrs. Kay. “That’s enough. Don’t touch another student. You’re done here.” Mrs. Kay lost all control and had no say at all whatsoever.

It was 2:15 pm and Ashlynn was examined by Nurse Talia's office. Ashlynn got a chance to explain her circumstance and was allowed to use the bathroom for getting cleaned up. Ashlynn didn't have a change of clothes on her and needed a friend to get her clothes from the gymnasium locker rooms. Luckily, her best friend Octavia was called down to retrieve them for Ashlynn while she showered in the bathroom inside Nurse Talia's office. Her skirt and shoes were put into a garbage bag and put next to Ashlynn's book bag. Octavia brought some gym pants, sneakers, and socks. Octavia was allowed to wait outside the office to take Ashlynn home. During her shower Ashlynn did urinate for a few seconds. But Nurse Talia told her it was fine.

Not to mention, Avana called the main office of the school. She couldn't call Ashlynn by cell phone thanks to Mrs. Kay. Although it was during work hours, she felt she had to call the school. She was able to leave early stating it was an emergency. Ashlynn would eventually get her phone back thanks to the Vice Principal. Avana’s phone call was transferred to V.P. Shida and Nurse Talia. They explained what happened to her daughter, which only led to Avana turning beet red too. She did her best to remain calm for the sake of her daughter but didn’t hesitate to express the appall in her heart about the numerous times her daughter wasn’t allowed to use the bathrooms, especially by Mrs. Kay. However, she did explain what caused Ashlynn to have to urinate so badly.

Avana was glad the school was taking action against Mrs. Kay. But this wouldn’t stand and considered removing her daughter from this high school. After about 20 minutes, Ashlynn finished her shower and dried herself off. She proceeded to get dressed into her gym clothes and walked out of the bathroom. However, again she felt an urge to urinate and immediately sat on the toilet. Her urethra muscles were too tired to contract, and she couldn’t hold it. Once outside, Ashlynn was greeted by her friend Octavia. Octavia was dying to see her this whole time. Ashlynn wanted to go home immediately, but them she remembered she needed to get notes from some of her classmates from some of her classes.

Octavia assured her it was better to do it tomorrow. Octavia drove her home and helped Ashlynn to her bed. Octavia said her good-byes and went for her job place. Ashlynn already called in sick to her manager. A couple of hours later she was awoken by her mother Avana. "Ash it's me. I heard what happened in school and I'm so sorry for what happened?" Ashlynn didn't want to talk about it. She felt a dampness between her legs and removed the covers to find out. She noticed her crotch area had a dark spot. The odor smelled of urine. She urinated in her clothes again which meant another shower. Ashlynn was in no mood, but she had to get up for dinner.

She got cleaned up and put on .... well she didn't have anything else. She had only one pair of jeans and a short sleeve shirt. She didn't have much in the way of pajamas, shorts, shirts, lingerie, and only one pair of shirt and skirt for school. You see with all the working late and very little time, the Avalon women didn't get much time for laundry unless they stayed up really late. That means risking poor work performance and perhaps a car accident. It is why this morning, both mother and daughter took a quick shower and put on what they had left. This morning and the whole day Ashlynn spurted easily onto herself for this reason. She didn't have any undergarments for between her legs. She went commando because of this. It is the spectacle the senior named Eugene saw.

Mrs. Kay was fired and never returned to the school. Also, the Tri-Royalty Brigade were expelled, and Mr. Calhoun stepped down as school principal. Kirika Shida became the acting school principal with Ms. Reynolds as acting Vice Principal. Octavia Starr, Gretchen Grayson, and a few others ran for class president. In the end, Gretchen won the election and ran things her way with Octavia as her advisor. At the end of the school year, Gretchen confessed her respect for Octavia's courage and intelligence. And she learned to respect a certain rule and policy, as well as talking things out. Ashlynn suffered from incontinence for the next few days after her ordeal. She never allowed herself to be in this situation ever again and finished her 12th grade education with a B-.

*002*2022-07-11 23:46

Do you want to see more sequel stories with some of these characters? If so, which ones? And I was thinking about a sequel concerning Camilla all alone in her new school to finish her senior year without her cronies. She has to deal with being surrounded by everyone else in this new district which knows nothing about her and she feels so outsider-ish. On the day of picture day, she is standing online and desperate. May be she might not be able to get her way and use the bathroom. She might lose or plead for a chance to use a clean toilet. I am not sure. I am also not sure if I should do a crossover between one of these characters and may be Gwenndolinne. After all, Gwenndolinne, Lyra, Colleen, and Piper are in the same universe. I am also thinking about Klareese and Xenobia (in the same universe) as well as including Daviya, or keeping her with Marris or keeping them in their separate places like Evolin. Ideas? Feedback is good.

And knowing Camilla, how would she be desperate?

*006*2022-07-13 00:35

Perhaps, I could write that in for Camilla and picture day. She tries to hold it but can't on the day of having her picture being taken. She makes a break for it and finds the only available stall is a urinal or as you said a dirty stall. I will see how to make that work. What types of crossovers do you think would be okay orangelion? The crossovers, or should I say fiction having two characters from different works is the one involving Piper and Colleen, whereby Piper needs to pee on a train. Thr other one is with Klareese and Xenobia. There worlds are briefly mentioned in Bursting in a Jam, and Desperate Descension.

Currently, I would want to see Camilla need to go on picture day st her new school, a new character or old one for a scenario involving a night of passion gone wrong and bursting to pee, perhaps a story involving Susan Storm (F4), a story involving Constance Corianders-Smith (Nude Bursting Afraid and wet) being a photoshoot model to promote her company or promote buying a certain house, or Constance's house keeper Gayle being late for work and can't take a pee break until her scheduled break, or may be one involving Gwenndolinne (aka Gwen) but what I am not sure.

I was also thinking about Hortense doing cheerleader moves during a game for her school, desperate, and possibly wetting herself or going behind the bleachers. I might even have her pee herself going commando but as this is a school setting I wouldn't want to be inappropriate. I am considering Octavia in college working to hard and not using the bathroom. She is bursting and during a class exam or finals, she wets herself. Not sure about the transgender girl Ginger, Francesca, Luna or Ida. Francesca could have one whereby she pees herself during romantic hour with her boyfriend. May be. Not certain. Just brainstorming out loud. I don't have many experiences and can't come up with lots of ideas.

I try not to make the story too inappropriate. I try to make it a scenario possibly believable with some fantasy. And being from a clean pg family it is hard to find new ideas in the mindset of a religious and nice personality. The most sadistic or racy has been this story, the one with Constance, Availability Denied, and Interrupted by Nature. I am just rambling on here but just expressing my thoughts and keeping up with the conversation. What other characters so you all want go see from this story with Ashlynn besides Camilla or Mrs. Kay? Not sure about Mrs. Kay.

*010*2022-07-15 01:48

Will do. Been busy and thinking of new ideas to write. I am so inspired by the writer DesperationMan for his post The Accidental 24-Hour Hold. Man that post was awesome.

*012*2022-07-15 22:37

{{6 hours ago, Apan said:

@@I really want to give it a thumbs up, if only for the mere effort since you obviously spent lots of time and effort writing it, but this time I'm gonna refrain from it. I do enjoy elaborate stories and don't mind lengthiness as long as it's called for, but there is a limit to everything and for me it was crossed maybe about a tenth into the story already. It had too many tangents and went into way too many non-relevant circumstances and characters (with way too detailed and irrelevant backstories at that) in order to keep up the interest. Also - and this is more of a subjective point, being a fan of realistic stories even if they are fictional, so it sort of doesn't apply fairly here - there was a bit too much betting on the suspension of disbelief with her exaggerated holding capacities, the implausible amount of obstacles thrown her way (all those drills, clogged toilets, indifferent teachers, being forced to pose as a model etc.) and the reactions of certain characters that were simply not realistic nor relatable (Ms. Kay being the most obvious case). The basic premise was there alright, but it was just too cluttered, drawn-out and unrealistic for my personal liking in the end.

}}

@@I do see what you are saying Apan. I didn't have many experiences in life about pee desperation and especially in school. I had to really think here. I know it was sort of unrealistic but as you said, the basic premise was there and the story had to sort of be there. I admit the other tangent stories weren't relevant to the story (except for the reasons for not entering the boy's bathroom or the gym locker rooms, or Ida from her art class). They were there as fillers and for fun. But trying to find different scenarios for keeping poor Ashlynn away from the bathroom and accidentally taking a few diuretic pills was hard. Fyi: I chose to have her stay for 6 periods as she was a senior. In my high school (~12 years ago), seniors were allowed to have up to 6 and half periods for a full schedule. So I wanted to sort of mimick that and keep her bursting for that time. I am glad for your feedback. I am considering a sequel for Camilla, Octavia, and Hortense. I hope you liked my story Final Desperation which also has a student in need of the bathroom but far less long and more relevancy throughout the story.

*013*2023-01-14 23:48

Ps. I wrote Ashlynn had the next two days off from work. I stead it is only the day of this story.

*014*2023-02-28 23:09

I mentioned that Ashlynn's manager at work gave her two days off. But I should have mentioned that her manager gave her only two days, but had to reschedule those two days off as the next day she did come to school and work (as mentioned in Bursting Weekend Appointment). Since she didn't yet see the doctor, how could she get a note to stay out? Exactly.

