Ellie - and the regretted present

Author: Uniee

*000*2018-02-02 17:35

Part 1

Ellie was so happy to get a job straight out of University, it was always difficult for History graduates to get research jobs, but Ellie got the prime position helping categorize the National Archives.

Ellie loved her job, but it didn't pay very well, so for her boyfriends, Max, birthday she decided to do something different. She gave him a box of vouchers to cash in whenever he desired. These ranged from ironing all his shirts and cooking dinner for a week ,to more erotic ones such as oral sex, full body massage, and one very special one - 24 hours of controlling her bladder. She added this voucher just to see if he would ever use it.

Ellie and Max had tried some bedroom play, but when she hinted at any pee play "Untie me or I will pee my knickers" Max just let her up... That was until one Tuesday morning. Ellie had to be at work for 9am, and usually got up around 8 to have her breakfast and make her way in. At 7.45 am her phone beeped. A text message read "Good Morning Ellie, Today your bladder is mine. I have laid out your clothes and your breakfast, but I'm afraid the toilet door is locked, and will remain so until I choose. Have a good day at work! And don't forget to keep your phone on".

Laid out were some pristine white knickers and bra, a purple jersey and some grey leggings, with some ballet pumps. Ok Ellie thought, this was a normal-ish outfit for her job. She felt the morning twinge in her bladder, but disregarded this, luckily she had got up in the night and pee'd after the big cinema drink the night before had worked its way through. In the kitchen there was a coffee cup laid next to the machine, a glass of fresh orange and a bagel. She ate her breakfast and was about to head out the door when her phone beeped again "Hi Ellie, There is a lunch bag near the door, don't forget this" - she dutifully picked this up and headed out.

Ellie got involved in the sorting of some files from a country manor house when her phone once again beeped at 11am "Hi Ellie, hope you are building up nicely - but its important to hydrate. Have a cup of tea from the flask packed, and the fruit bar." Ellie hadn't noticed her bladder but when she poured her tea she thought "This is definitely when I should be looking for a toilet, surely Max will let me go soon....", she text Max back to explain this, and he simply replied "Good girl, I'll let you know when".

Ellie took some deep breaths and squeezed her legs a little tighter as she got back down to work. She tried to get back into her zone, but the pressure in her bladder was distracting her. She kept trying to concentrate until midday - when she again text Max "Please may I use the toilet, can we play this on the weekend?" Max replied "There was no limit on the voucher, Ellie, now you must drink some more tea like a good girl, no pee yet for you"

Ellie began to get quite worried. She had held her pee for pleasure before, but always somewhere safe not in grey pants where any dribbles could be seen. She began regretting her choice of voucher. She thought she could last a bit longer - but her bladder was beginning to bulge, full of morning wee and all the drinks. But no, she thought, I'm a big girl, I can hold my wee.

Ellie sat on her heel and continued to sort. Giving her crotch a squeeze every now and then to help her hold. 1 O'Clock came, and her fellow worker Daphne came over. "Hi, Ellie, Are you ready?"

"Ready for what?", "Aw you haven't forgotten.. We have my birthday drinks at lunch time today - Mr Jones said we can have 2 hours lunch because the extra we worked last week"... Ellie started to worry - she remember the last time they went for lunch, cocktails, wine and lots of nibbles were usual. She sent a quick message to Max explaining her predicament. He just replied "Lunch sounds lovely... Drink up!"

*001*2018-02-02 17:55

Part 2

The lunch was held at the local pub, quite a nice place, with a lovely beer garden, the only issue being only one female loo. Not that Ellie was allowed to use it. Ellie walked slowly hoping to get a "go pee" message from Max that she realized wasn't going to come. By the time she got there the group were sat outside with Daphne calling across "Over here! I've got us a bottle of wine" - Ellie suggested that she just have a small glass as she had lots to do, Daphne scoffed and poured a large glass for her. Chatted abounded as Ellie sat quietly sipping on her drink concentrating on her growing need, glancing at the one toilet. Platters of wings, ribs, chips and other food were brought out and everyone say munch.

"Eat up Ellie, otherwise you'll be drunk" Ellie was trying to avoid eating much as this always made her thirsty but no such luck. Ellie made it though the two hour lunch, managing to drink 2 glasses of wine. Just as they were about to leave Daphne pulled Ellie towards the ladies - "Hold my bag El, I'm bursting. I don't know how you don't need it too" Daphne proceeded into the loo and Ellie could her the huge gush of pee hitting the water and the groan of pleasure from behind the door. Ellie had to double over and hold her crotch to prevent a leak. She was really struggling to hold back now. It had been 12 hours since her late night pee and she could feel her pee hole start to throb. As Daphne exited the loo Ellie gave it a longing glance and walked towards her job.

Ellie arrived back at work, feeling sweaty and distracted by her desperate need. Her boss Mr Jones noticed something was wrong. "Are you OK Ellie?, you look red in the face" Ellie explained that she was getting over the flu, and the food in the pub was not sitting well in her stomach. Mr Jones took pity on Ellie "Just finish that box there and you can go" Ellie had never been so happy, she sat back on her heel and worked as quick as she possibly could. An hour and she would be at home where she could use any means to hold....

*004*2018-02-02 18:37

Part 3

Ellie watched the clock as she worked as quickly as she could. She could feel sweat dripping down her brow with the effort of holding back tides of pee. She text Max explain she was leaving early - and maybe he could come home too, hoping that she could take care of the other urge she was starting to feel.

Ellie flushed at the thought of having sex this desperate. The squeezing pressure on her clitoris was turning her on, but she hoped Max would let her pee first - so she didn't flood their bed...

BEEP - Ellie was shaken from her daydream by her phone - but the shock meant that she relaxed, just a second, but a second too long. A dribble left her pee hole dampening her knickers. She had to squeeze with all her might to prevent a flood. She took a few breaths and regained her composure. She read the text "How nice that you get to leave early - you need to walk home, its such a nice day - no bus for you" Ellie tried to to call Max and explain her leak - and that she was unsure if she could make it... But Max didn't answer.. Ellie left work feeling resigned... she was really worried about the 2 miles walk home which she usually loved. She considered popping to the loo and letting a little out, but her pride prevented her. This was her idea after all.

*005*2018-02-02 18:59

Part 4

Ellie started her walk with caution, although it was a warm day there was a chilly breeze which put more pressure on her overfull bladder. The quickest way home was straight down the high street, but that would be really busy at this time, and Ellie wouldn't be able to hold herself, or even worse - hide any accidents! "No I mustn't think that" she scolded herself. She decided to take the longer but more private route through the park. Walking slowly, dipping her knees every few meters to help her hold. She was sure she had never been this desperate. Even when she had played at holding she had allowed herself to wet before this point.

Ellie kept her steady pace, just holding on her mind when her phone rang - it could only be one person, Max. "Max, I am so desperate, I don't know what to do"

"Well Ellie, I was going to suggest that you popped into a coffee shop for a 30sec release, but you choose to walk through the park, where there are no toilets. What can I do?" Ellie nearly cried at the thought of being able to release some of her hot pee. "Max please... I don't know what to do" .... it went silent for a moment. "Well Ellie, as you have been so good I may allow you a 10sec pee", "No, there's nowhere to go"

Max began to chuckle "Ellie, I want you to walk over to the line of trees, sit down and pull your trousers down a bit,, pee through your knickers and then stop. Keep talking on the phone so i know you don't cheat"

Ellie was deeply embarrassed at the thought of this.. but could feel pee about to come out anyway so thought it was the only way to remain somewhat dry. She hobbled towards the trees and pulled down her pants just enough to expose her cute damp knickers. Pee started gushing out before she even thought to relax. "Max I'm peeing"" she gasped. "Stop now" he commanded. Ellie pushed her hands against her hole with all her might. It was close to agony not to release fully but she managed to stop the flow. How long for though she thought?

*007*2018-02-02 19:49

{{1 hour ago, BlueWetter said:

Great story! I'm looking forward to what happens next!

}}

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

This is great so far

}}

{{27 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Great story, thank you!

}}

Thanks guys... I've got ideas where this will go but feel free to suggest ideas!

*009*2018-02-02 19:56

{{Just now, largebio said:

Great story so far. Interesting to see what will happen next

}}

Got my idea... :) More tomorrow

*012*2018-02-03 12:17

{{41 minutes ago, wettingman said:

I am loving this story so far Your vivid descriptions of her building need to pee especially pressure on her pee hole, and her nearly uncontrolled release of pee is quite arousing.

}}

Thanks ?

*013*2018-02-03 12:24

{{Just now, Despholder said:

Awesome descriptions really help print a detailed mental image. Curious to see how this will evolve

}}

Thanks.. open to ideas

*014*2018-02-06 17:18

Part 5

Ellie slowly got to her feet. She had to hold to prevent gravity pulling more pee out of here desperate pussy. It took several minutes before she was able to start walking again. Each step reminded her of how full she was. She felt her wet panties rubbing over her swollen pee hole tempting it to release more into them.

She was aware that if anyone watched closely they could see that something was wrong, each step measured with a thigh squeeze.

BEEP BEEP "Hi Ellie, now I don't want you to be dehydrated, there is a fresh juice in your lunch bag - drink that up!" Oh no Ellie thought, she was so full anything else was sure to cause an accident. Reluctantly she took the juice from her bag and slowly sipped.

Ellie could see the edge of the park, she knew that this would mean the end of her quiet time. She would then be in a busy street where holding herself would be much more difficult.

A huge wave of desperation hit Ellie, it was as if the pee tried to escape of its own accord. Ellie had to sit on a bench, bend at the waist and hold herself to prevent a flood. Unfortunately she did lose a spurt which caused a small but visible wet patch on her pants. She text Max "Max, I'm about to lose it, can you pick me up... any accidents will be really noticeable in these trousers"

"Ok, Ellie, I want you to go to the outside cafe at the edge of the park. Order a coffee and wait for me there... no cheating!"

Ellie massaged her bulging bladder and began to worry that she would not get out of this with her dignity

To be continued...

*016*2018-02-06 18:35

{{1 hour ago, wedgeantilles said:

Thanks for the new part!

}}

Glad you liked

*018*2018-02-06 22:08

{{1 hour ago, Holdit4me said:

This story is terrific - I have to say I admire Max's resolve, and his determination to get the most out of his voucher...

}}

Fab.. anyone who likes their bladder controlled knows it's gotta be tough

*021*2018-02-18 13:40

Part 6

Ellie sat at the most hidden table she could find and ordered a coffee from the waitress... She stared in longing at her phone... hoping Max would soon arrive and put her out of her agony.

She was trying to remain composed but was seriously in trouble of wetting herself in public. She knew there was a wet patch on her trousers from the last leak but so far it was subtle.. the next leak would not be so. She desperately wanted to let a little more go but doubted that she would be able to stop. Her bladder was bulging more than it ever had before and her legs were actually shaking from the pressure that she was having to use.

Ellie's coffee arrived, she attempted to smile at the waitress, just hoping she would go away soon. Ellie sipped her hot coffee and tried to think about anything else than her need.

After 10 minutes, which felt like hours, Ellie saw Max walking towards her table.. the excitement of this cause her to lose a huge spurt of pee into her knickers - she had to bend at the waist and squeeze her hand between her legs to regain control, not caring if anyone saw. Max was smiling at her, knowing how close she was...

Ellie looked down at the damage - a wet spot out the size of a tennis ball was visible on her . Worst still the rest of the pee was pushing towards her hole aching to escape. Ellie looked at Max - with pleading eyes. She whispered "what can I do??" Max took Ellie by the hand and walked her towards the tree line... Ellie hobbled, holding herself..

"Just Relax" Max said - Ellie tried to argue that she was a grown woman and couldn't wet herself in public... but as she argued pee was pooling in her pants, running down her legs.... Ellie sunk to the floor and gave in... sighing with relief... After what felt like minutes Ellie finally realised in horror that she was sat on the floor of a public park soaked in pee.

Max handed her a bag, in which there was a dress, clean dolly shoes and some wet wipes. She was able to pull the dress over her head and remove the wet trousers underneath. "Leave the knickers on" Max whispered "I'm not done with you yet..."

Ellie put her wet things in the bag, took Max's hand and followed him... not knowing what else the day might bring...

To be continued...

*023*2018-02-18 21:40

{{4 hours ago, Fantasizer said:

Loving it!

}}

Thanks

