Desperate Morning

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-02-26 22:49

Summary: The topic of this story is about female desperation to urinate. The premise of the story is about a female not able to use the bathroom. The main protagonist has to find a way to resolve her dilemma or undergo an embarrassing accident. The content involved includes desperation holding, fidgeting, leaking, full-on urination, and urination in unusual place.

Introduction: This is my first female desperation to urinate. It is a short story and won't include complicated back stories or character descriptions. It's brief and to the point. This is my first story, so please be nice when critiiquing it. I am starting small so as to work my way up as a writer of this genre.

Characters:

- Gwenndolinne Masterson - the main protagonist

- Piper Prestin - the roommate

Plot: It was a Saturday morning and the alarm was ringing. Gwenndolinne, moaning in annoyance, shut off the alarm sounding off. She was tired from yesterday evening. She was drinking with friends while watching a movie with them in the apartment. After another 20 minutes, she got up to use the bathroom. The alarm clock woke her up from her peaceful slumber and made her aware of the pang in her abdomen. Her bladder was finally acknowledged for it needed relief.

She slowly removed the comforter, and sat up. She was groggy, and didn't want to get up. She rubbed her eyes and sighed. After 2 minutes, she slowly slid out of bed and got to her feet. She was not more than 5 steps when she felt all her pent up yellow liquid aginst her urethra muscles. She clenched tight, sluggishly walking to the bathroom in apartment around the corner.

All of a sudden, she yelped "Mmmmm". Gravity had caused her pent up urine to put immense pressure against her urethra muscles. She bent down and clenched tighter, now more alert to her need to urine. She knocked on the door and called out to her roommate.

Gwenndolinne: Piper, (knocking on the door) open up!

Piper: .... (No response)

Gwenndolinne was squirming, walking in the same spot and hands in her crotch area.

Gwenndolinne: Piper, (knocking again, and speaking a little louder) Piper open up. I have to pee.

Piper: .... (No response)

"Damn, what the hell is she doing in there?" she thought. Gwenndolinne was shaking from clenching her urethra muscles. "Rrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaahhh." she moaned. "No one should be having to hold it this badly and in the morning." Her heart was racing as she was fighting otherworldly urge to urinate. The pressure against her urethra and exit hole was like a big door struggling to hold back an angry mob pounding on it to open. She was in so much pain and just wanted relief.

Gwenndolinne: Piper! (panting and breathing through her clenched teeth) Open uuup!!! (Banging on the door)

"Ooooooh! Why won't this girl answer?". And then it happened. Her need for relief, the fact she just got up and still tired, the instinctive need to breath well and let it go, she couldn't hold back the flood. She spurted into her boxer shorts, which left a wet spot on her crotch area of her boxer shorts.

A few small rivulets also emerged from her boxer shorts. Two of them (one on each leg) slowly made their way down the inside of her lower thighs, while two smaller ones (one on each leg) only traveled a few inches from the boxer sleeves. Gwenndolinne knew she didn't have much time and had to relieve herself now!

She looked around to see her options. She couldn't go into the sink because she wasn't tall enough. She thought about asking the neighbors, but she didn't want to ask. She saw the small living room trash pail and thought why not. She did this while holding back the tide which was only becoming stronger. She decided to make a trek to it, but stopped because of how small it was.

She was more frantic now as she needed a solution. "Damn it. What am I supposed to do now. I can't stay like this!". Walking in place and hand in crotch, she was about to give up when she saw the kitchen pail. It was tall enough and she could just put her butt on it. However, it was almost full.

Just then, another spurt and some more urine escaped her. This time, two more fast moving rivulets formed (one traveling down the back of her right leg, and the other down the inside of her right thigh). Both made down to her lower knee cap area on her leg. She had to move now.

She panted a little, then gulped in a lot of air. With every bit of strength she had left, she clenched her urethra muscles tight shut. She walked over to the kitchen trash pail, moving slowly but steadily. Once there, she kept her netheregion closed with her left hand, and used her right hand (somewhat wet) to open the lid to the trash pail.

She didn't care that the trash bag was almost full. All she could think about was her need to go. Gwenndolinne carefully turned around and slowly lowered herself onto the pail. She didn't care if her boxers touched garbage. She just needed relief now. Once she sat down, she just relaxed her muscles.

Out came a huge torrent of urine pent up for 8 hours. "Uuuuuuhhh ... uuuhhhhhh ... uuuuhh!" she moaned. She was also panting and bent down while sitting. Finally, relief came at last and she could relax. Her urine stream was a huge one, made of a central stream of urine surrounded by smaller streams and droplets. The wet patch on her crotch just grew larger and enveloped her front and upwards, down the middle, and her butt cheeks.

During the whole ordeal, she was panting and trying to catch her breath. 8 minutes ago, she was sleeping followed by trying to prevent an full-scale accident. Her hands dangled on her sides and the sides of the trash pail. Drained and exhausted, plus dealing with a headache, she sat back against the wall behind the trash pail. She was ready to fall asleep, but she could not risk keeling over while urinating.

For a whole 30 seconds (which seemed like forever), she urinated all her pent up urine into the trash pail. She didn't care that her urine was splattering off the trash and onto the bottom of her boxers, or bouncing off and onto her legs and onto the floor. She was just happy to have relief. Eventually, her torrent of urine became trickled to small streams, then to droplets, and finally drips.

Gwenndolinne finally regained herself and reached for some tissues from a glass table. She patted her boxers and stood up, albeit a little disoriented and tired. She almost fell over too. She inspected her legs and saw the bulk of it was on her thighs. Some also went onto her lower legs near her ankles. There were some droplets on the floor too.

Once she regained her composure, she was startled by her roommate's voice.

Piper: Gwen

Gwenndolinne: Ah, (now panted from being startled) .... don't sneak up on me like that.

Piper: Sorry. Are you okay?

Gwenndolinne: No! Thanks to you, I had to pee into ourtrash pail. I almost had an accident.

Piper: I'm sorry. I thought you were asleep. You should have just knocked.

Gwenndolinne: (made a look of taking offense) I did, but you didn't hear me. So I had to go elsewhere. Look at my boxers! They're ruined! Why couldn't you just answer the door?

Gwenndolinne walked away, then came back and said:

Gwenndolinne: Some of my pee splattered onto the floor. It is because of you, so you should clean this up!

With that, she went into the shower and washed up. Piper had to clean up the mess.

THE END

