School bus wetting

Author: ultimatedorkboy

*000*2013-10-19 21:40

Hi everybody,

This is the first time that I'll be posting a story!

First off, this is NOT my own story. This story comes from a book that I read once (when I was a kid) about the "most embarassing moments."

Unfortunately, I don't remember what the book was called nor who the author was. Even more unfortunate is that I do not have the exact story that I want to post from the book. Though, I vaguely remember how the story went so I have attempted to recreate the story (based off of my own memory).

So here's the story! Credit goes to the author of the book that I found this from!

NOTES:

1. I think the events in this story were real as with the other "embarassing moments" from the book.

2. I don't know how old the wetter was in this story (it may have been a kid unfortunately) so for "political correctness," I have changed the wetter to a high school student.

3. I think the girl's name in this story was Jeanine. Not really sure though.

An Embrassing Moment: School Bus wetting.

It was the last day of school when I got on the bus. I had a two-week Christmas vacation. I couldn’t wait to get back home because I was excited to see my older sister, Julia. When I got on the bus however, I just realized something: I had to go to the bathroom really badly. Normally before I go home, I normally go to the bathroom but in this case, I was so excited to see my sister, I forgot to go! It was too late to get off the bus as it started to move so I sighed and realized that I had to wait.

Along the way, we stopped at other schools to pick up other kids. I groaned as I realized I couldn't get off the bus and use those schools bathrooms because I would miss the bus. So I groaned again as I had to suffer even more.

Several minutes later, we started to drop off some kids, I had my legs squeezed together and my hand against my crotch to hold my pee from coming out. I had to go so bad, that my bladder hurt. My bladder was aching fit to burst.

We stopped at several more stops and I realized that I was going to get off soon, with only five more stops to go.

Oh good I thought to herself. If I can hold it for that long, I can make it...

However, when the bus reached the third stop, I couldn't hold it anymore and I totally wet my pants!

People sitting by me looked at me in horror as I pissed my panties and skin-tight jeans. I just sat there in the wet seat, holding my wet crotch with one of my hands, sitting in a puddle of my own pee.

My stop was up next, and I couldn't wait to get off the bus. Some people taunted me by picking their noses since the smell of my pee was stink.

As the bus finally reached my stop, I slowly got off and walked in a strange fashion due to my wet pants. I apologized to the bus driver and I got off the bus.

When I was walking to my house, I was thinking to myself how I was going to explain to my mom why my jeans and panties were all sodden and drenched with piss. I hope my sister wasn't home because I didn't want her to see me like this!

As I entered my house, I saw that my mom was in the kitchen. I tried to sneak upstairs but all of a sudden, Julia came out of nowhere and hugged me. The moment she touched me and felt my soaked legs, she quickly let go of me and asked, "Ummm.... why are you wet?"

"I had to go to the bathroom real badly." I said sheepishly.

"Really?! I now know what to give you for Christmas!" Julia said with a giggle.

I knew what Julia was going to give me after this little mess and sure enough, Julia gave me a pack of new panties.

*003*2013-10-20 20:19

{{:

I actually gasped when I saw this because I know exactly which story you're talking about since I have that book in my room. I've owned it since I was in fourth grade, and I can distinctly remember this story (even though I wasn't as into omorashi back then.) I can actually transfer the real story from the book and post it on here, if that's okay?

}}

Cool, you actually recognize the story! If you have the book, feel free to post the actual story then.

*005*2013-10-21 08:05

Hey thanks for posting the original story!

You know what's ironic? Before I posted this story, I was trying to remember what the girl's name was. At one point, I thought her name was Genevieve but I dimissed that possibilty.

Weird :O

