What story should I continue?

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2017-11-30 17:39

Hello all,

I hope you're having a great day.

The matter at hand: I have a lot of stories that I have started, but none that I have finished. Thus I want to know which if any of my projects you would like to see continued. After 2 days (this Saturday) I will tally the votes and commit to writing an average of at least 1 chapter per week for the most voted for.

As always, feel free to just throw in comments / criticisms / suggestions even if you don't vote.

Choose one or more:

A New Sword - https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/38291-a-new-sword/

Linked Futures - https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/39013-linked-futures/

Lucky 7 - Alternate version of A New Sword. Attached below.

Remodeling the Universe - Star Wars / Starcraft / Warhammer 40k / Original Content crossover fanfic. Attached Below.

Starlight - https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/40977-starlight/

Or - Suggest a topic you think I could write well.

Let the voting COMMENCE!

Side Note:

My writing doesn't vary drastically change between A New Sword (the first of these I posted chronologically) and Lucky 7/Remodeling the Universe (the ones I was working on most recently). HOWEVER, I am endeavoring to tweak my writing style so that my stories feel more similar to those of Kelli and LivingInfinite.

(Kelli being the author of Having Cousins to Stay - which in my opinion is one of the greatest stories on this site to be discontinued and LivingInfinite the creator of Project Widowmaker - which is one of if not my most played/favorite game on this site.)

Evidence of this can most readily be found in the two stories attached. Feel free to throw in a comment on what writing style you like the best. (ie. "I liked [insert story name here] but I wish it had more [insert suggestion here] / was written more like [insert suggestion here].)

Attached Files:

Remodeling the Galaxy.docx

Lucky 7.rtf

*001*2017-12-04 14:04

Yeah... so... uh... voting's been over for almost 2 days. If a mod could close or remove this thread I would much appreciate it.

