Isolated desperation

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-05-01 16:36

Summary: A female boating passenger is massively bursting and unable to find relief.

Content: desperation holding, bursting, frantic, fidgeting, crotch holding, can't hold it forever, transgender, spurting, accidental wetting, public urination, long urination, powerful stream

Characters:

1. Daviya

2. Ginger-haired girl

3. Booth guy

4. Boat captain

5. Staysee Marshall

Comments: This story is the only story not transferred over to omorashi.org and modified. As usual, it involves female desperation to urinate. There aren't water sports or kinks. And no sex.

Plot: It was another butterly cold night in January 2022. As usual, Old Man Winters continued his reign of bitter cold served with a side of whipping winds. It was Janusry 2022 up in the northern latitudes and the temperatures already below 20°F. Currently it was past midnight on a Saturday morning and the night life still thrived, but at a much lower density. A few buildings, including hospitals, gas stations, some office high-rise buildings, and emergency first responders were open. The rest were closed or closing down. A good example were the bars and stadiums. It was 2 am and still people were trying to make it home.

One such person was a 32-year old woman named Daviya Dorn. "Excuse me ... (panting and frantic) please .... wait (panting) ..." Daviya called out to a man behind a booth at the ferry port. She staggered with her hands stuck in her crotch. Daviya winced and writhed in pain while hunched forward. "Are you okay?" asked the man but Daviya immediately replied "Twenty-five bucks! Now give me a ticket NOW?". The man gave her the ticket and she continued down the corridor and to the ferry boat. "Uuuu-uuuuuuuu-uuuu!" Daviya whimpered. Once onboard, the boat began moving as she just arrived right on schedule.

Daviya was coming from a night of heavy drinking and having a great time with her friends, and her boyfriend. She drank lost on water, soda, and alcohol with her friends and I mean LOTS. Her poor bladder and below were distended. From 5 pm to 1 am. She filled up on fried foods and liquids. She was now paying for it. She would have gone to the bathroom but the nearby bars and gas stations were surrounded by long queues that stretched for several blocks each. Some resorted to public displays of flashing or discreetly publicly emptying their bladders. But many were rounded up thanks to the new bill signed by the governor. Police could now round up anyone doing the deed.

In the past she would have done this but now was different. Not only that, but she wore several three layers of thermal wear underneath thick material plus a heavy winter coat. The only place to find for relief was the ferry boat. But she had to wait for a cab plus endure the car ride before 2 am. That is the last scheduled ferry ride before 7 am. Before she was severely bursting but now she was massively bursting. She winced as she hunched forward, hands in her crotch, gritting her teeth and clenching her muscles tight to hold back the impending flood. The last time she wet herself was as a 5-year during a road trip up north for camping with her parents. Back to the present.

The ferry boat left the docks and began its 5 mile journey south towards Southern Dykerfield, the next town over. It was a rural town filled with greenery, some homes, and open fields. (It is sort of like upstate N.Y. above Westchester like Pearl River and Nanuet.). Averdawn City was a city island (like Manhattan). The ferry boat was packed with passengers inside the cabin and immediately outside. Daviya leaned against the outside wall of the cabin with her hands still wedged between her legs. "Damn it all. I had to have all those drinks like usual and end up like this. But now I'm not home. I'm still out over water."

She was hating herself for overfilling her small bladder and not paying any attention to the consequences. Daviya wished the boat would move faster. It was an hour ride and she desperately had to urinate. She could barely move and had to go NOW. But as she entered the cabin she could see the inside packed with passengers and the long queue. She went over to a ginger-haired girl nearby and asked her "What is the long line for?". The ginger-haired girl, looking at Daviya like she had 20 heads, replied "These lines are for the bathrooms."

"Okay thank you!" Daviya replied. She went back outside in the blustery frigid weather.

Even after all she drank and wore, she still shivered. The cold threatened to make her wet herself. She strained big time to keep the exit hole shut. She desperately wanted to let it go anf not care if it flooded her pants. But she couldn't go home like that. Her poor bladder and urethra were screaming bloody murder non-stop and driving driving mind crazy. It sent signals that the pressure was way to great and still growing. But her will power hadn't fully withered yet. Daviya told herself to hang on.

For the first 15 minutes, everything went smoothly as the boat kept approaching its destination. The queue was still huge but as time went, it did become smaller. It was filled with those coming from the football stadiums, professional wrestling stadiums, and bars. The men were relieving their bladders, bowels or hurling up booze. The women always took the longest. It seemed that everything was going as planned. Her need rose and no longer could she make her need to go subside. It was now an incessant and extremely powerful urge that only grew more intense. However, bad news began first with the bathrooms.

There was a flood as one of the clogged toilets backed up and overflowed with .... human waste and stuffed toilet paper. Then, a couple of faucets failed to work. It only made things more stalled as it reduced the number of working toilets and sinks to use. Then, after another 5 minutes (total of 25 minutes of the whole ride) disaster struck. The engine stalled. Everyone felt a slight jerking motion followed by a metal clanking noise. Then, the captain spoke. "Greetings ladies and gentlemen. We are experiencing an engine failure due to the cold and must wait for another ferry boat to arrive. It will be an hour wait but we appreciate your patience."

The cabin teemed with noises and comments for complaints. Inside was slightly less cold compared to outside but cold it was. They were stranded, cold, tired, and desperate. What a terrible morning for these passengers. Daviya cursed under her breath. "F***!". What is a person to do she wondered. Here she is on a ferry boat bursting like Armageddon is about to happen and now the boat is stuck. Daviya has to wait an hour. An hour more! Thus was nonsense. And then the drive home was another 1 hour since she lived a couple of miles south of South Dykerfield. And there was no telling if the next ferry boat had working toilets.

Her poor aching bladder and urethra sounded off signals of critically high pressure and the need for relief asap! But what could she do? Where could she go? For the next 20 minutes she pee danced, sometimes crouching down, keeping her hands in crotch. She winced in pain fighting this one ever growing already massive wave of desperation that grew more intense by the minute. Worse off was the wind that whipped by and made her stagger nearly made her let a drop escape.

She wasn't just battling the pressure inside her. She also battled the immense frigid temperatures. It was freezing and shivering didn't help. Her hands were numb and burning from the cold weather. She could barely hang onto herself with her almost-popsicle hands. At one point, her teeth were clattering. Her breathing was labored and her heart raced. All this from the weather and her need to urinate. After those twenty minutes she couldn't take it anymore. She had to do something. She made her decision and made it now. "I can't take it anymore. This is too much. I can't hold this!"

She went over to the edge of the boat, still fighting the same incessant, unwavering ever-growing wave of desperation, and prepared to empty her bladder. She could feel her bladder contracting, forcing her urine upon her tortured exit hole. It just couldn't do it anymore. It needed relief. She proceeded to check both sides of herself and saw no one. Then, behind her to see that no one was looking. Luckily, the lights went out and it was dark. Some people had their cell phone flashlight apps but they weren't enough to see what she was doing.

Then, she started to unbutton her pant button, but her fingers were so numb it was trouble. She couldn't properly undo it. Her heart raced even more as the pressure kept growing and her mind went massively frantic. "Comeoncomeoncomeon" she kept repeating in a strained voice. She kept fumbling with the button. Suddenly she froze. She gasped and her mouth hung open. She just let loose a small spurt of her urine. After a few seconds, she began more aggressively tugging at the button knowing full well time was up. The pressure was reaching critically gargantuan.

Daviya was 1/3 the way to freedom. Next step came the zipper. She got it down halfway only for that to be stuck too. She tugged and tugged but to wouldn't budge. She tugged in several directions and tried to pull on the fabric that was stuck in the zipper. But nothing. She could barely hang onto the zipper handle due to the cold weather and the winds that threatened to knock her down. At one point she stepped back a few steps and spurted a drop. But she continued. But to avail. Finally her body gave way and her urethra couldn't take the pressure from her bladder and kidneys.

Daviya began spurting jets of her urine. "Nononononononononononooo!" At last she was urinating into her thermal ware. She didn't ware underwear, boxers or a thong. She was just going, albeit not at full force since she did have some control. But it was waning. She put her hands inside to grab herself, tugging to make something come out. "Comeoncomeoncomeongetoutgetoutgetout!". After 20 seconds, she got it out and ponted it out to the bay. She let go completely and let it all out. Now she was urinating at full force.

Her jet of urine was like that of water being shot out from a firehose. Daviya panted while trying to regain her breath and her heart still racing. The pure ecstasy of relief was too much as her legs shook and about to collapse down to the floor. The urine on impact with the water created a several ripples followed by steam vapors. For the next 3 minutes, she urinated like there was no tomorrow. Sadly even afterwards, she still urinated as her body was cranking out more fluids to be expelled. After 1.5 minutes, her stream diminished to trickling of drops into the water.

Daviya's hands were so cold she just let her member drop and hang over her clothes. Her member still dripping into her thermals. She just stood there for 10 seconds before pulling up her pants. Daviya was still urinating drops into her clothes. Although she felt sticky and damp, right now it wasn't relevant. She was free from her pain and cold. She didnt care at all. It was now 2:56 am and still about half an hour more before another ferry boat comes. In case she had to go again again kept her pant open. She sat down on the ground outside the cabin so no one would see her.

If she had stains on her jeans no one would notice. She waited for the next ferry boat to come in the meantime. At 2:17 am she had to go again. Her aching urethra needed relief again but it wasn't so bad so she chose to hold off. At last the next ferry boat came and she boarded it. The last of her trip lasted for until about 4 am. Between 3:25 am and 4 am, Daviya held it until after the boat ride docked. A lot of the passengers hogged up the bathrooms there too. But once she got off the ferry boat, she was met by her roommate Staysee Marshall. Staysee drove them home and there Daviya emptied her poor bladder for good.

She showered and went to sleep not waking up until 2 pm later that day. She did the laundry for her clothes and from her time on the ferry bost to now she finally made the choice to not get so drunk and desperate again.

*003*2022-05-01 20:54

Thomas Water Resources Page?

*006*2022-05-03 22:24

You're welcome Flush.

