Alien Bathroom Habits

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-19 21:39

So, I am really into astronomy and I often fantasize about other worlds and what the life there might look like. So, I wrote about some alien species’ bathroom habits. I wrote about how their urinary system works, what waste products their bodies create, where they relieve themselves, etc. Hope you enjoy it! And obviously, everything in this thread, even the planet’s names are all fictional!

One last thing, for the waste products, there is a numbered list. Many of them, you will likely not recognize as they are fictional waste products. The number of each waste product stays the same for each of the numbered lists. For instance, ‘number one’ is the primary waste product followed by ‘number two’, etc etc.

I hope I did not make this concept too confusing. It was meant to be fun! Again, I hope you all enjoy this idea! And remember, this is all directly from my imagination!

Planet:

Rёi-ioppp:23

Species Name:

Quop-up!

Appearances:

Blue, scaly skin. Two eyes that resemble diamonds. Four long tails with spikes. Walks on two legs. Has three fingers on each arm. Has a long snout with three nostrils and a forked tongue.

Abilities:

Breathes water. Has the ability to turn anything it touches into water. Can walk on water. Super swimmers.

Sexes:

There are three different sexes on this planet. Дolus, Ąolus, and Չolus.

Дolus have an organ in the shape of a cube in between their legs. Дolus lack the ability of speech.

Ąolus have an organ in the shape of a sphere in between their legs.

Չolus have nothing in between their legs. Չolus’ water abilities are more aggressive than the other two sexes of this species.

Waste Products:

1. Fire

2. Feces

3. Ooos

Internal Systems:

1. Fire system: There are three organs in the shape of the number nine in the back of the internal body. Two of the 9s are right next to each other while the third is just above them. These 9-shaped organs take anything other than water in the body and transform them into the opposite of water… Fire. The fire then goes down a long tube, one coming from each nine, and exits the body immediately.

2. Digestive system: The snout carries food to an organ in the shape of a tennis ball in the stomach which takes the leftover food product and sends it down a long, hollow tube where it exits the body.

3. Ooos system: The diamond eyes of the body absorb any extra light the body can not process and sends it down two long tubes , one from each eyeball. The light then is stored in an organ in the shape of a ring. The light spins around and around in the loop until it is transformed to look like shiny rocks in the shape of an O. This light is then sent down another tube and is then pushed out of the body through a canal where the opening is shaped like an O.

Elimination:

1. Дolus eliminate fire through their cube shaped organ. Ąolus eliminate fire though their sphere shaped organ. And Չolus eliminate fire from in between their legs. Fire hurts painfully coming out. This species eliminates fire twice per earth day with the exception of Չolus, which eliminate fire once per earth day. The fire that this species eliminates looks exactly like fire here on earth.

2. Дolus and Ąolus both eliminate feces through their hollow tube anywhere between once per earth week and once per earth month. The Չolus does not eliminate feces at all as their bodies have adapted to using all the food product they ingest. The feces this species eliminates looks similar to feces here on earth. The only difference is healthy feces for this species, is a dark orange-red color and is sphere shaped.

3. All three sexes eliminate ooos through a canal in between their anus and genitals. They eliminate ooos once every earth month, however this number can increase should this species be in bright light for too long.

Bathroom:

1. This species eliminates fire into a lake or ocean as a way to destroy the fire product. Fire is very difficult to hold in, so this species must constantly be near water when nature calls!

2. This species eliminates feces onto the blue sandy beaches and shorelines near the water. Their feces allows the plant life to flourish.

3. This species eliminates ooos wherever they please.

I was going to do more alien species, but I didn't know if anyone would enjoy this or not. So, if you do, I am happy to do more of these!

