Bursting return

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-01-07 13:11

Summary:

A female high school student arrives home the next morning bursting for the bathroom. However, she finds herself locked out and her mother awake in the house. She tried to find a way inside without being seen to no avail. Eventually, her desperation wins out and she can't hold it anymore.

Main plot:

It was 7 am on a Saturday morning in June. The birds chirped in anticipation for their breakfast and what the day has to offer. The sun was already up brightening the aqua-colored morning sky. The clouds were the usual spread of various shapes and sizes plastered across the morning sky.

The weather was peaceful and calm as the gentle winds caressed the vegetation. The waters nearby were just as peaceful meeting the shore without making a single noise. The flowers bloomed and the trees covered on their leafy coatings while dropping pollen for the growth of new trees.

It was a peaceful morning amongst the residence of Noxbille Village. Most were sound asleep while others got ready for the weekend day. There was no need to awake just yet as the day awakened slowly. But some people were returning home in a hurry as soon as possible.

A wild party occurred last night which raged on for hours until everyone crashed due to being drunk and tired. Many now suffered from fatigue and low blood sugar while others were just tired. A few vomited while others tried to get a sense of where they were. Those that realized what time it was for school or work hurried off or tried to but couldn't get far.

One such partygoer was 18-year old Elissandra Alderidge. Currently, Elissandra was in a frenzied state of mind trying to work through the immediate issues plaguing her at the moment. Elissandra awoke very late and was now trying to come home without being seen. She knew if her mother caught her, she would be punished for life.

Elissandra planned on leaving by midnight but she was enjoying the party way too much. Plus, Elissandra ended up with a boy and spent the night in bed with him. When she awoke and viewed the time on her phone (6 am), Elissandra immediately jumped out of bed and called for an Uber using app.

It was 15-minute wait just for an Uber to show. Once, the driver showed up, she hopped inside the car and told the Uber driver to get her home asap. Elissandra didn't want to explain to her mother why she was out and where, let alone what she was doing.

And worse off, she did those things in a very sexy, racy outfit. She knew her mother, always about responsibility and good morals instead of with boys and sneaking out. Her mother Moira was a single mother struggling to make ends meet and heavily relied on her children obtaining good grades in school.

Elissandra had a younger brother in middle school. He like to pick on his sister and annoy her. In front of their mother, he would come off as an angel but behind her back be an annoying runt of a brother. If he was awake too, he could catch her and as usual tattle on her to their mother for selfish reasons.

(Her dress is as shown below):

(The top as depicted in the top image and the skirt depicted in the last two images. The thin undergarment in the fourth image and the strappy shoes from the last image on the bottom. She got these from one of her friends from school. She smuggled them into her home via her backpack. She stashed it underneath some of her clothes in the closet.)

It was a 45-minute drive home from the location of the wild party and she desperately wanted to come home. She didn't just want to avoid being seen, but also wanted two things. One was to plop on her bed and sleep for the whole day. She didn't care if she never woke up at all.

She figured if anyone asked, her response was illness or exhaustion from studying for exams. The other thing she wanted was to take a massive pee into her toilet. She drank way too much punch and indulged in too much beer. Elissandra was in a whole new world and in a world of her own.

She was loving the party nightlife that she forgot to ditch the party and come home while her family was asleep. In addition to the partying, she was having a blast being free and wild with a boy she liked. Elissandra threw caution to the wind and allowed the boy to deposit a few times inside her.

Elissandra was enjoying herself for the first time since she was a child in elementary school. Her mother was always pushing her to do better and restricting her from hanging out with the other school children, dating boys, and having time to herself. She always had to babysit her annoying brother and take on more responsibilities due to their mother being single.

Last night, she unwound and felt on top of the world. And being with the boy she liked was amazing. For once, she hot to know what's sex and how it works. Of course, she asked him to be nice and respectful which the boy was. And they both didn't care for anything pornographic but they enjoyed the final climaxing of sex.

But now she wanted nothing more than to forget the night and take a big piss. She was holding in two huge payloads. And she was afraid of having to tell her mother she was now pregnant. And she didn't want to marry for the sake of a baby. Furthermore, she wanted to take a headache reliever immediately.

During the drive home she looked out the window every so often hoping and pleading for her home to show up already. She desperately wanted to get home without being seen. In her mind, she pleaded with the powers that be to ensure everything aligned a certain way. "Please let my family be asleep please let them be asleep. O where is it where is my house?".

Moira was usually an early bird but sometimes she slept late, and so did her brother Brady. If she woke up and noticed she wasn't home forget it. Oh how would never be allowed to live it down for being so deviant.

And lord knows if her brother would find out. He would never live it down as he loved whaling on her.

And let's not forget the house cat named Gertrude. Gertrude might as well be the guard cat to signal when something was wrong. One time Elissandra went to get a midnight snack and the cat growled at her. It scratched her then woke up her mother. The Moira was so annoyed and took it out on Elissandra.

Brady knew how to make Getrude back off. He could get away with lots of things. But this time it was her turn to get away with something. At the same time, she was cursing for not using the bathroom.

"I should've gone to the bathroom but time was running out and it looked like garbage."

The ride home was a killer. She kept her hands in her crotch as the urge to go kept surging and throbbing. It came and went quickly, and each time the urge came back it came back just a little stronger. Elissandra scrunched her face, worriedly looked out the window to see if her house came into view.

The desperation of her lower region was so bad her mind was being flooded with neurotransmitters galore. Everything about her from her face to her feet spelled frantic. She knocked both her knees together every second, shifted around her seat, shook both her legs up and down rapidly, and even wrapped one leg around the other and vice versa.

All of it was done to curb this terrible urge but to no avail. At one point, she asked the driver to go a little faster but the driver stated he could get pulled over if he did. This only made Elissandra more agitated and added to her frantic behavior. She wished she could just teleport back home but no one was an X-Man.

(P.S.: Please pardon the change in text size. I don't know how to fix it. I will finish the rest of the story. I hoped you liked my last two pee fiction entries from last month and like this one.)

*002*2023-01-07 16:15

{{13 hours ago, Frankfrankfran said:

Can’t wait for more

}}

There is more. I will post the rest as soon as possible. This story is based off a pee desperation video, and a movie scene. I don't want to say which as that might violate the site guidelines. Of course the characters there are 18 years or older but still.

*003*2023-01-07 16:26

Elissandra thought of all the ways things could go wrong. Her mother or brother could wake up, or the cat could wake them up, or the doors and side entrances are locked, or perhaps, everyone is up and already know. May be she could send a text stating she is still sleeping or unwell, but that might warrant them coming upstairs.

She arranged for her daring sneak out with friends a few weeks ago to attend the party. On one weekend, when she was supposed to be running studying for the finals, she was out with her friends at the mall for buying clothes. Elissandra wasn't sure what clothes to wear but help from her friends, she was able to buy what she felt looked good.

She was a little nervous it might be slutty but they said she looked just right. Since she couldn't just bring the clothes and shoes home, one of her friends would give it to her at school. From, there it was all planning. As time approached, she looked at the logistics. She knew today her mom always went to sleep early on a Friday night from working so hard during the week.

That way she would leave when Moira was asleep. She also had to consider her brother Brady. He was a tricky one. She had to play this really carefully. He liked to annoy her just before she went to bed but he did have a habit of playing video games late into the night. She bought Brady one of the new Final Fantasy games he had been bugging their mother to buy him.

She figured Brady wouldn't bother her on a Friday and he always stays up until Saturday 12 am. During his gameplaying, he typically stayed in his room unless he had to use the bathroom. Once it was midnight, he went to bed. But there was the question of someone walking into her room. At first, Elissandra thought of inviting her cousin for the night to fill in for the evening.

She would return, wake her up, and send her home with her friends. But that depended upon Elissandra coming back by a certain time. But that was too risky and there was a chance of accidentally spilling the proverbial beans. That left her wondering for a few days until it dawned on her. She really wanted to go to this party.

She remembered the doll she got from Christmas during her 7th year of life. It was Caucasian and had dark brown hair as she did. Elissandra knew she had the next part of the plan ready. On the night of sneaking out, she had the doll facing the window and cover her with the blanket. Anyone entering her room would see what appeared Elissandra sleeping. They would see only the brown hair of the doll.

But there was the matter of sneaking out and back inside quietly. Since her mother would be dead tired and brother occupied with his video game, she figured it would be easy to leave without being noticed. Of course, she had to make sure rouse was believable. But before sneaking out, there was the matter of establishing her sleeping.

She had to be in bed by a certain time as her friends were coming by 9:30 am. She had to make to be in bed by a certain time and take in some sleep before the partying. It was going to be a long night. Once it was 9:30 am, she would go to check that her mother was asleep and her brother was still playing video games.

Then, she would put the doll in her place and head out. She would of course keep the front and back doors opened along with the side gates opened. After all, she had to have entry into the house. And she did have the rope attached to the tree branch that sticks out to her bedroom. There were multiple ways she could get inside. Before leaving she would have rope hang down to the ground.

But right now, Elissandra feared her mother would go to check on her. She did this when she wanted to wake up her daughter to help with breakfast. Moira and Elissandra were excellent with cooking while Brady wasn't. And he was a bit of a brat when it came to weekend mornings. So at times, Elissandra would have to cook her brother's favorite breakfast dish.

That meant if Moira woke up, she would notice her daughter wasn't in her room. Plus, there was a chance she would notice the front door wasn't locked and go to lock it. But there was the back door which of course connected the patio to the kitchen. So that was out if Moira was awake. There was the rope outside but her mom might pull up the rope.

She didn't like the rope hanging out for fear it might give criminals easy entrance. Even if the bedroom window (into Elissandra's room) was closed (which they wasn't last night) Moira would still pull it up. And if Brady was awakened to help find her, he always knew to check outside front and back. He would see the doors were unlocked and the side gates too.

They would suspect this and realize their daughter was kidnapped or sneaked out. Even if she came home to a quiet home, there was the matter of the cat Gertrude. She would groel and shriek sometimes, even for no reason and wake up everyone. And then, she would be yelled at as usual. All the possible ways things couldn't go wrong were driving her crazy.

She was tired, her head pounded, her heart raced, and her body shook from the hangover plus anxiety. She felt this was all wrong for an 18-year old and just wanted to get home in one peace. At least everyone bought the rouse and nobody stopped her from quietly leaving. She made sure all the doors were unlocked and her bedroom window was left opened.

So now fast forward to 7 am. She was 5 minutes away from home. The driver took a slight detour that made the drive an additional 5 minutes to get her home. The normal route had some portholes on the road the driver didn't want to damage his tires. Elissandra wanted to desperately get home and going the extra distance was torture for her. She could've been home by now.

"Damn driver. I have to pee like crazy. I can't get home before they awake like this. Not at this rate. Oh my bladder pains and my exit holes hurt like crazy. Gawd it feels like a tsunami pressing hard against a flood barrier.". It didn't help that her body was tired and rudely awakened to this nightmare on top of a full body hangover. Her brain was still fried from being in lolla land.

The daylight was a pain for her eyes and she felt like Count Dracula. After this long and eternity-like 5 minutes, she was finally home. She paid the driver and got out. The driver sped off to his next client while she hobbled over to her house. She moved as quickly as possible while trying not to have an accident.

*004*2023-01-08 02:16

Elissandra could see the front door getting closer and closer. The feeling of joy overcame her as all she had to do was quietly open the door, remove her shoes, and plop down onto the toilet. But she stopped right before the front door to remind herself to open it quietly. In her frenzied state, she could wake up her household.

Elissandra was about to open the door when suddenly, a massive urge to go swept by. She kept her hands in crotch while bent forward. She squatted down to lessen the urge and the pain, fighting to keep the exit doors shut. It felt as though the massive mob of tsunami water wanted freedom.

Elissandra was determined to stay dry but she knew time was running out. She had to get to the bathroom or else. She first concentrated on staying dry before slowly reaching for the doorknob. Once she gripped it, she proceeded to turn the knob. But upon turning, she felt the knob barely turn.

She raised one eyebrow and tried turning it again. But again, no success. She tried jiggling the knob and again nothing happened. She couldn't understand what was happening. Then, it dawned on her and boy did the realization hit her hard. Even after she locked the door yet now it is locked.

"Nonononono open up open up." She cried as she tried to open the door. But alas she couldn't. But she couldn't ring the door bell either as it would wake up the whole household. "Don't panic Eli! Try the ..... back door .." She said to herself in a strained voice. For the moment she pee danced trying to keep it all inside.

She took her first step only to stop and cross her right leg over the left one. She bobbed up and down with caution so as to not cause vibrations that relax her muscles. Once the wave subsided, she hobbled over to the side gate on the right side of the house. Luckily that was open and she carefully made her way passed the gate door.

But as she pushed it open the door hinges creaked. She stopped, chose to stand on the left side of the window, and come to a crouch. In case anyone looked out the window no one would see her, she hoped. After 30 seconds, she carefully stood up and continued being ever so cautious not to be seen. One window had its curtains opened.

She stopped just behind the window to look inside her house. The laundry room was empty and thus she concluded no one was there. Suddenly, a warmth and wetness escaped her. She spurted onto her thong (which was so thin), and onto the insides of her thighs. They were droplets but next time it could be worse.

Elissandra had to be careful and move quickly. Time was running out. It was 7:13 am and the morning sun was still rising. She knew it would be a matter of time before her mother or brother (or both) wake up. Elissandra made her way to the patio while walking awkwardly over to the door.

Elissandra she was within 3 ft of the door when she saw Gertrude in the nearby window. She knew right then and there if she tried to open the door it move it meant the alarm is sounded off. She was stuck and in serious danger of the flood. But she didn't want to risk waking her family.

What was a girl to do just to enter her home quietly and take a piss. And of course, get away with it. All she wanted was to take a piss in her toilet. Why was that so hard? Amd what did the small feline pet of the family care? It wasn't as if Elissandra was some unknown person to it. "Damn cat. Shew shew (while gesturing it to go away)." She cried out but to no avail.

It just sat there staring at her wagging it tail. It even made a growling facial expression. Elissandra was thinking about how to make that darn cat be nice rather than with an attitude. But right now, she just had to get inside. Elissandra held out her hand in a gesture that said "easy easy I'm not going to hurt you" and carefully reached for the door knob.

To her horror, the doorknob was not moving either. This door knob was also locked. How could this possible? She left all the doors unlocked and she made sure her mother was sound asleep. She even gave the impression she was asleep too and her brother locked himself in his room playing his video games. She even tip toed throughout the house and outside.

She wondered how was this possible. Then it occurred to her that perhaps her mother was up. But surely she would have heard the door knobs turning. But she didn't see her in the kitchen from outside. By now she would be in the kitchen. She couldn't understand what was going on. Who could have locked the doors?

Elissandra spurted onto her thong and again onto the inside her thighs. Some of those droplets traveled down to her knees. One traveled down the front of the right knee. She was on borrowed time and had to act fast. She quickly made her way to the tree on the side of the house where the rope to her bedroom was located.

She moved quickly and carefully. She didn't want to spurt again. Of course her left hand was a little wet with her spurting as she kept it between her legs to hold her crotch. She didn't want an accident but she needed two hands to climb. Along the way, she grabbed the watering can for the flowers and poured the remaining water on her left hand to wash it.

She wiped her hand on her skirt and continued her way while not holding herself. She made the corner around the house and began walking towards the tree. "Damn it I wish I got there already. I can't hold it forever. Gawed this pain sucks." She said to herself softly. Each step she took was horrible for her already quivering exit holes.

She could feel it churning as it was about to buckle from the urge to go. It surged and surged more, growing ever stronger. A couple of drops escaping didn't relieve the pressure. And the vibrations from the heel of her strappy shoes striking the ground only made her exit holes feel worse.

The impact of the heel against the concrete ground always caused an ever slight relaxation of those muscles that could cause another spurt or complete relaxation. It was a worry for Elissandra that she didn't need. Her heart raced, her brain hurt the more she thought, and her body was so tired and every part of her body wanted to die or turn to puddy without feeling anything.

She had to get to her bedroom which was on the second floor. She was excellent climber and took many lessons in climbing. Even in gym class she excelled at this. At last she got there (now 7:20 pm) and for a few seconds, she felt relief. However, it withered away when she looked for the rope. She looked everywhere around the tree but couldn't see it.

Elissandra was sure she kept a piece of rope tied to the branch right next to her bedroom window and the window opened (which it still was). She couldn't understand what was happening. Again, she was plagued by a wave of desperation and she bent forward with her hands holding her crotch using the front of the skirt.

"Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!". She whimpered. How could this happen? Why was all her contingency plans failing and who or what was the cause. A horn around sounded off and she jumped back startled, spurting a few times. She stopped the flow but she got into under control. The inside of her legs were more dampened and now more rivulets traveled down to her lower part of both calves.

When she turned around, she saw a person in the window of the living room. It was enough to make her turn red with annoyance. "Brady you jerk are you trying to wake up mom? I'm trying to-" but she was cut off by her brother. "Trying to sneak back inside. Ha! I don't think so. I'm gonna tell mom. I'm gonna tell mom" Brady said in a sing song way.

Elissandra was becoming more antsy and yelled back. "I'm gonna kill you!". Brady responded "Temper. Watch your temper or else you'll wake up mom!" in an obnoxious manner. She lowered her voice and demanded he open the door. "Brady open this door. I've gotta pee." Brady replied "Nope! That's what you get for sneaking out. Oh and I already knew about your plan. That's why I locked you out and threw out your rope."

Elissandra was livid as he showed her the remnants of her rope. She has this angry, wide-eyed look of anger and a desire to make him wish he wasn't born. But before she spoke, he threatened to press his stupid horn device again. She narrowed her eyes, continuing to bob up and down.

(The horn is as shown below)&&

Brady smiled evily while walikg backwards. Elissandra was calling out to him to open the door and not to say anything. But Brady just left the living room and walked elsewhere. Elissandra couldn't wait as now her cover could be blown. She knew she couldn't climb this tree and she had to find a way inside. She tried to open the screen part of the window from the outside. But it wasn't budging.

*005*2023-01-08 14:37

Elissandra tried to open the screen portion of the window but her strength was diverted towards holding it in. Her body was so stiff and trying not to allow for an accident. She couldn't do it. She saw Brady again at the window smiling at her. She gave this annoyed look with the wish she could make him pay. Brady smiled as he turned towards his mother.

Moira came down the stairs in her robe and looking groggy. She was clearly tired and exhausted. Elissandra moved out of view from the window. She walked quickly around the corner and stood away still for a moment. She didn't want to be seen. Plus, the curtains for the living room windows were opened. This was bad news.

Now Brady could out her and show her where. Inside the house, Moira was greeted by her son Brady. "Good morning mother. How are you to-" but he was cut short by his mother. "Brady where did you get that? Don't tell me. Ebay?" You woke me up with that for what reason?". Brady maintained his angelic facial expression.

"Oh mother I'm sorry for waking you but I have something to tell you-" but again he was cut short. Gertrude was growling at something in the window. Outside Elissandra was fighting another major urge to pee but this time it was so strong she couldn't move.

Her whole body stiffened, her face winced and expressed writhing, her torso bent forward, and hands wedged in her crotch instinctively. She was too afraid to move and just stood there whimpering. She tried to contract her muscles but it only added to her woes. What is a girl to do to just pee? At this rate, she won't be able to hang on much longer.

Moira looked out through the window to see what it was Getrude growled at but instead she only saw the morning day. She saw her whole lawn, the car in the driveway, and fences on both sides of her house. Brady was sure she would see her sister outside dressed in appropriately. But to his dismay his mother just walked away.

"Mother what did you see?" Asked Brady. Moira replied "Nothing. You know the cat acts up sometimes. And besides Eli is asleep still. You should too. I'll wake you up later.". With that she went to sit down on the couch and returned to slumber. Brady was so sure Elissandra would have been caught red handed.

He went over to his mother and shook her out of her slumber. "Elissandra isn't asleep. She sneaked out last night. I have proof. Please let me show you." But Moira didn't want to hear of it. "Brady I know you and your sister don't get along and sometimes you like to get her trouble. But I need my sleep." Brady responded "But this time it's true. I swear. Pleasepleaseplease-".

5Meanwhile, Elissandra was dealing with the same incessant urge to go that didn't disappear. It continued but it did subside a little. She had to keep moving. She looked inside the window. She saw no one in the living room. She had to find a way back into her bedroom but how. The only way was to climb the damn tree.

She had to be very careful. She proceeded to lift up her right leg awkwardly, but she put it down. She spurted a few drops which made her stand still and worsened her wave of desperation. Again, she had to fight the urge but she had to move fast. Again, she slowly lifted her right leg and put her foot on the tree bark. She couldn't get a good footing yet so she she tried another side of the tree.

She tried again and this time she was successful. She started to climb and slowly made her way up. She used the tippy toes of her foot not her heel to step on the tree bark. It would have been better if she took off her shoes but right now she was in no mood to take off the strap to her shoes.

Her wave if desperation from her urge to go was still so great and so strong, she had to stop every few steps to hold herself. She couldn't hold herself as well and relied on her willpower and temporary focus on contracting her muscles to hold it. She wished she could just teleport inside the bedroom. But time wasn't on her side.

Elissandra was one step away from the tree branch she needed to get into her bedroom, when suddenly her left foot slipped. She whimpered "Ah" as she stood still. Again, she spurted several times some of which cascaded down her right leg and a few as rivulets down her left buttock, dripping off it. Most fell onto the ground below.

She didn't like this one bit. She could have an accident and/or fall down. But her need only rose that much more. She stiffened her body and became even more agitated. Upstairs, Brady tried to hurry his mother and on the top step he ushered her into Elissandra's room. He went over to the doll and picked it up. "See see I told you she's not here."

Moira looked at the doll and the bed. For a moment, she bewildered looking around the room and inside the closet. She saw no one. She began to wonder what was this. Brady just stood there looking at his mother. Moira turned to her son and just as she was about to curse under her breath, she gave this "Really?" look on her face.

"Brady are you sure she wasn't just sleeping with her doll and woke up this morning leaving the doll inside the covers. May be she went to the downstairs bathroom to bathe." Moira asked. But Brady had this annoyed look on his face. "Mom it's true she snuck out. And I saw her wearing revealing slutty clothes. You gotta believe me."

Moira didn't want to believe it but a noise emerged from a cell phone. It was from Brady's cell phone. He checked his phone and saw it was from his Facebook app. He went to check it out while putting up the finger to signal the proverbial "hold up". He looked at the message and evil grinned. He looked at his mom and gave her the cell phone.

Moira's eyes widened.

*006*2023-01-08 15:32

Outside, Elissandra was fighting her urge to go. She didn't want to piss herself and desperately needed to go badly. Even holding herself via her skirt wasn't enough. She had to pee now. She tried again to find her footing but to no avail. She couldn't find anywhere to step with left foot upon and lift herself up. And she sucked at pull-ups excercises.

Suddenly, her abdomen gave a whimpered and her exit holes couldn't take the pressure from all her pent up piss. And her other exit hole couldn't hold back the payloads from her tike with that boy at the party. She couldn't hold it anymore. Her piss and the payloads exploded out of her as several streams. It came out as several streams and droplets, and rivulets streaming down her legs.

Some of the rivulets dripped off or continued as streams falling off her legs. Her thong was a goner and now her beautiful legs were too. And her shoes were damaged. She couldn't stop it and no amount of contracting was going to do it. Elissandra was helplessly pissing herself.

It was the longest 60 seconds of her life before it started to trickle to spurts, then droplets, then to drips. Her thing dripped of her piss. Elissandra felt so mortified. Her legs glistened with her piss and there was nothing she could do about it. She cried a little as she closed her eyes temporarily while scrunching her face into a saddened expression.

Suddenly, the sound of an air horn blasted through the air. It scared Elissandra who accidentally let go. She saw her window become further and further away, and eventually the view of the world became jostled. She cursed under breath as she hit the grassy ground nearby the tree. Her view suddenly became blocked by her brother.

"Gotcha haha!" Brady said. Then her mother came into her field of view. Elissandra, laying on her back, widened her eyes. She saw what looked like her mother but with the face of someone whose looks could kill. She was speechless at first and didn't know what to say. The face of her mother stared back at her piercing her daughter's soul.

Brady spoke in a sing song manner "Mother's gonna punish you!". Moira replied "Brady be quiet!". Brady did as he was told and kept his mouth closed. He slowly turned away and ran off back inside from the back entrance. Moira spoke in a stern manner more chilling than a blizzard. "You .. you ... you stupid little ...". She picked up Elissandra and angrily brought to her the backyard.

She turned around and replied. "Stand still. Don't you dare move!". Elissandra was terrified of what her mother was going to do. Moira went to the nozzle for the backyard hose picked up the hose, and checked how much water came out. When she felt satisfied, she turned the water on Elissandra. Moira didn't care if her daughter became soaked with water she just kept spraying her.

Even the screams and pleading to stop didn't end. Brady looked on with satisfaction and Gertrude just kept growling. After 30 seconds, Moira stopped the water and brought her daughter inside despite being sopping wet. She angrily slammed the door. Elissandra was cold and wet, and annoyed. "What the hell mom?". Her mother's reply was showing Brady's cell phone to Elissandra.

Elissandra's heart sank as she was viewing what Brady showed her mother earlier. It was Elissandra having a great time at the party dancing while twerking. And there wss another one of doing it with a boy. Her mouth might as well have fallen straight to the carpet floor.she tried to pass it off as a doppelganger which only angered Moira even more.

Moira replied "Don't you lie to me. Even after you're caught you have the nerve to lie to me?" Moira thundered. Elissandra tried to explain something to save her skin but it was no use. Moira expressed her outrage and disappointment that now her daughter was seen as a disobedient dirty girl. She thundered the order to shower and come back down as she wasn't yet begun to punish Elissandra.

Since she also pissed herself like a little girl, she would treat her like one. That meant going to make sure she didn't piss herself in the shower. After she got cleaned up, Moira scolded her some more. Brady wished the yelling would stop but still felt satisfaction over catching his older sister up to no good. He did after all catch his sister leaving. Brady noticed Elissandra at the party while playing video games.

One of his friends whose the younger sibling of the person hosting the party took the snapshot of everyone, including Elissandra. He chose not say anything until later to catch her and get his mom involved. However, that changed when Moira knocked on his door and he opened it. Moira asked why he didn't wake her up sooner when he got the Facebook video?

He knew that she knew and didn't say anything. And he could see she wasn't happy. Elissandra was forbidden from hanging out with her friends and dating boys for life. She was officially grounded until she got married at 30. Brady was grounded until he got to college.

The end

I hope you like the story and please let me know any positive criticism or if anything violated the site rules. If so, just tell me and I will change it.

*009*2023-01-08 22:32

I see the part about the grounding. I was thinking about how angry a mom might he about learning their daughter has done such a thing. But perhaps I did take it too far. Got the message. FYI: this was based off the internet video about Kendra Spade and Lucy Hale in A Cinderella Story, specifically the scene whereby she found hersemf locked out. I combined the scenes into one scene whereby the character Elissandra was returning bursting to pee and locked out by her brother with some changes.

*011*2023-01-10 03:05

Did you see the pee desperation video with Kendra Spade? So this post had the part whereby she is bursting to pee and can't hold it mixed with the scene with Lucy Hale being locked out by her step brother.

