No new ideas

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-10-26 02:23

So far I have either posted fiction from another site I used to have membership or posted news ones based upon those stories. I was wondering if anyone had better ideas, especially for my characters. I was wondering if there were others here who might want to write stories based upon some of my characters. If so, please do so. I don't mind.

Any ideas I do have I have no idea how to write them. So please take some of my characters and write about them. I am open to new suggestions. The ideas I do have:

1. A stripper has to pee but can't stop since the club is busy and the stripper has to take over for another female stripper. (I have no idea how to strip, name of their poses and the other logistics behind this, nor even how bosses are.) See #8.

2. A clothing model has several locations for photoshoots and clothes to wear on top of having to pose in different locations. Her whole day is booked and no break in between. Eventually she can't hold it and wets herself. (No idea how a model comes on for work and get set up, or the locations for being modeled.)

3. A cheerleader (Hortense from Bursting School Day Bladders) has a game to cheer for but can't go and drank too much water the whole day, due to power outage and no indoor ac. During the game she is bursting and sweaty. She can't hold it, runs behind the bleachers and pees herself (or the boy's bathroom again. (no idea about how cheerleading works.)

4. A female actress has to perform a love scene (scenes in a soap opera not porn films.) and has to pee. She can't hold the poses and finally has to relax, thus peeing. (No clue about acting on set.)

5. Not sure about naughty girl on girl action like this video from HD Wetting. http://www.knicker-wetting.net/hd-wetting/lesbian-pee/index.html

@@or this one on xhamster.com: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.xhamster.com/videos/kissing-and-peeing-1-9049982

6. A female performing a sensual dance during a parade and peeing herself when she can't hold it.

7. A secretary or desk worker (transgender female with a penis) doing desk work or at a meeting, then after so many meetings with denied opportunities for the bathroom, does some desk work for urgent data entry, taking so long and can't hold it, pees in a trash pail or flower pot and risks being seen by her boss. (Never did desk jobs in an office.)

7. Writing a story about the Genie name Ruby from Dark Cloud. I mentioned this in request thread.

8. Sexy escort doing exotic erotic dances and stripping has to see clients for sex too and no breaks has to satisfy this client, requesting her to show up completely nude or only in a towel. She is bursting beyond belief holding pee and male ejaculated stuff inside, tries to ask for the bathroom but can't being on the clock, and eventually pees herself

Or

9. Endures sex until she can't and so frantic she tells the truth, but never gets to go - shoved into a closet because client's wife shows up, client satisfies wife to keep her busy, promised to come back for escort but doesn't who either ends up peeing herself, putting the clients cat on the mess spot to take the blame or goes out the window or back door to pee in the yard not being seen at night. Then runs away. (Never been with an escort)

11. Boyfriend and girlfriend or newly weds arrive home and female is bursting frantic has to pee, and guy having trouble opening the door, female pees herself or goes around back to pee

14. King and queen of prom have to sit and wait until event over, mildly wetting themselves to relieve some pressure. (Never did prom)

Clothing ideas include:

VID_20200711_105054_rvffoc.mp4

%https://motherless.com/A90C01E

(look for the one with the black sating robe)

%https://m.vk.com/video-161911578_456245661

%https://thisvid.com/videos/wetting-her-skirt/

%https://xhamster.com/videos/sheer-dress-13917125

%https://m.anysex.com/323305/

%https://m.anysex.com/344271/

%https://m.vk.com/video257631598_169338955

%https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.xhamster.desi/videos/tskorradelrio-desperate-to-p

%https://thisvid.com/videos/accountant-wets-her-thong/

Other ideas include about Ginger, Francesca, and Jasmine, or Gretchen (Gretchen at a meeting and first time has to fight the urge to go and the urge to just pee somewhere instead of being a proper lady going only in a toilet) - characters from Bursting School Day Bladders, or Constance at her workplace or doing a photoshoot to advertise for her company, Daviya, and more of Colleen as a waitress on such a busy day and can't go for a pee being short staffed and overbooked. Please come up with ideas or improve upon my characters and ideas for them. Shoot me an idea too. Use my characters if you want. I am fine with it.

*003*2022-10-26 21:51

What about pee desperation scenarios whereby the female can't get to a bathroom in time? Or does everyone prefer piss play and games?

*005*2022-10-29 05:10

I am considering on one person or two people coming home from an event. The female is bursting to pee and she can't hold on while the other person (may be boyfriend or casual friend, or female person) is fumbling with the door keys going through each one. Or perhaps the former is the one fumbling frantically. Eventually she can't handle the growing pressure and either ends up wetting herself, finds a bush or goes around back to unleash her torrent of pent up pee. Lately,I feel I have exhausted ideas and I really outdid myself with Ashlynn and Ambirly. I don't have other ideas for the other characters. As for the story mentioned above (regarding coming home), I am considering the protagonist to be Daviya, Xenobia, Francesca or Ginger. I know you like stories with Gwenndolinne too Orangelion.

