Bursting weekend appointment

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-10-02 22:58

Summary: A female and her mother arrive for an appointment to see the urologist. The wait time is long and the female protagonist becomes desperate. After waiting a long while she can't hold it anymore.

Plot: It was 10 am on a late Saturday morning and windy as usual with breaks of sunshine throught the April cloud cover. Down below, the suburban town teemed with the usual weekend hustle and bustle. Many stayed home despite many shops and establishments being open. One such establishment was the medical office of Dr. Wynona Mason from Mason's Urology.

As per usual, the weekends were busy with patients since the weekdays saw less people due to being at work. It was usually the elderly that showed up on the weekdays. The office staff were bombarded with calls and paperwork, or entering patient information. Some worked to prepare exam rooms and take preliminary vitals for patients or take their urine samples for medical chemistry testing.

As for the patients, the wait experience ranged from the usual to anxious to frantic. After all, they were here to receive medical treatment for their problems regarding the urinary system. Some had incontinence while others were being seen as a follow up, or came in with a full bladder for a urine flow test. A few others had pain possibly due to infection or kidney stone.

Of course, this office wanted to see as many patients as possible before closing early. The hours for Saturday were from 9 am to 1 pm. That wasn't much time for many who couldn't show up so easily on a weekday. That meant patients kept showing up and only to find there wasn't a single spot to sit. That didn't bode well for those who had full bladders. One of the patients to show up was Ashlynn Avalon.

"Whoa! That's a lot of people." She exclaimed while gazing upon the filled waiting room. As far as her eyes could see, all seats were taken. Avana agreed but without too much surprise. "Yeah, what a shocker." Ashlynn had some idea about going to a urologist office but never had to go before. Her mother came here for years regarding her incontinence issues and prescription diuretic medication.

Ashlynn felt a little nervous as she had to go again. Her body still suffered from incontinence since this past Thursday when she accidentally ingested diuretic pills. That whole day still haunted her. Never did she imagine a whole day without being able to use a toilet at school period nor be held up by several obstacles. But that evening, she not only wet herself after she came home.

Ashlynn had to empty her bladder twice before going to bed and wet both herself as well as her bed throughout the night. Plus, her whole school day (yesterday) was highlighted by constantly making trips to the bathroom. Only once did she wet herself but it was a spurt into her already laundered underwear.

At work, it was no different. She had to go several times during her shift and at one point, she had to work the register for an hour. Dealing with so many customers lining up for purchasing their orders and being unable to leave, it was hard to leave her post. She had to do the job despite there being two registers.

After an hour she couldn't hold it and had an accident all over herself and the floor. It was an embarrassing disaster. And everyone saw it. Yikes. She was mortified, going straight back to the day before in that gawd awful detention room. Her legs were wet and her already stained underwear clung to her as a wet and sticky mass of cotton that became cold after all was said and done. And still she had to work another 30 minutes.

Her manager threatened to fire her and get a replacement. Ashlynn had to plead for her job and despite it not working, it took one other senior coworker (who knew her situation) to help change the manager's mind. So Ashlynn was allowed to take the next two business days off until she was better. What a relief. And still she got paid.

After coming home, Ashlynn almost had another accident as she just made it. She plopped herself on the toilet seat, unleashing her golden liquid despite still wearing her disgusting underwear. She got up and showered again, putting her dirty clothes and shoes in the wash again. Even after dinner, Ashlynn had to go before bed and woke up 4 times to throughout the night.

For the two Avalon women, enough was enough. The next morning (today), Avana made the call to have her daughter come in today on short notice to nio this in the bud. Despite being so booked, Avana got her daughter a 10 am appointment. But there was the warning of long wait time. They were already dressed and ate breakfast.

Ashlynn ate her cereal and water while Avana has her usual. Ashlynn went for the bathroom before leaving for the 40-minute drive to the medical office. But she knew there was a chance of feeling another urge again. Ashlynn and Avana went to check-in counter. "Hi. I'm here for my daughter. Her last name is Avalon. First name is Ashlynn."

"Let me see." the office worker replied.

After looking through her computer files, she came across the aforementioned name. "Ah yes. Ashlynn Avalon. I see it. Is she a new patient?" the office worker asked. "Avana replied "Yes. That's correct. Ashlynn dear please give your insurance card and photo ID." With that, Ashlynn took out the pertinent information and handed it over to the person opposite the window.

After two minutes of typing information into the computer, she handed Ashlynn some paperwork and a pen to fill out as she was a new patient. They went to a corner to fill out the paperwork on a clipboard. Ashlynn already began to move her foot a little as a sign her need to go was known. It wasn't bad enough as it was in the very minor need to go stage.

Ashlynn filled out the HIPAA paperwork, consent forms and emergency contact information forms. Then, she proceeded to fill out the form regarding her condition and symptoms, and other health conditions. It all took a total of about 10 minutes before handing it back to the woman at the check-in counter. Now they had to wait to be seen. Ashlynn stared at her phone reading a news article about abortion while her mother read some text messages from Ingrid.

For the next hour, time went by slowly. Only patient was called in by one of the nurses of the office. This patient was an elderly woman, waiting to be seen by one of the other physicians. She completed the urine flow test and submitted a sample for testing. Now she was to be seen in one of the examination rooms. Ashlynn looked around for a public restroom in case things started to get dicy.

She didn't want a repeat from Thursday and Friday whereby her legs were drenched. Furthermore, doing the laundry was becoming a pain. Ashlynn could feel her urge steadily increasing but still nit bad enough yet. But she did feel worry for the wait time and if she could hold it. No matter what, she had to hold on or else. Avana continued texting Ingrid replying about the work done at their pharmaceutical company.

"Just calculate the results for each lot and write them on the report sheets for our sleep aid drug. I will do the pain relief drug on Monday. I already talked it over with our supervisor." Avana texted. Ashlynn could feel the stinging pain from straining two days ago, and the filling of her bladder. "I just went. What is wrong with me. Did straining for so long really affect me like this?" She wondered. She knew it was but to the extent of the damage she couldn't say.

Suddenly the door opened and a nurse called out to another patient. "Calderone! The doctor will see you now." A man and woman got up from their seats and went to another room. Ashlynn and Avana sat down where they sat. It provided some relief for Ashlynn. But Avana was beginning to feel an urge again too. She took diuretic pills as part of her routine for treatment.

But how long would their waiting last. It was now 10:25 am and still more time to go before they can be seen. Ashlynn continued to look at her phone, but this time she accessed her GBC nostalgia app and opened up her pokemon red version game. It picked up with her already in Lavendar Town. She just went through Rock Tunnel dealing with all the trainers and cave pokemon.

She directed her avatar towards a pokemon center and healed her pokemon. So far, she had a charmeleon, butterfree, oddish, machop, drowzee, and farfetch'd. Her pokemon were at level 24 at this point and only 3 badges. Ashlynn thought it was better this way to distract her mind from nature's calling. She continued her way towards Celadon City facing the pokemon trainers scattered throughout the route between Lavendar Town and the secret underground passage leading to Celadon City.

The clock ticked slowly as each second and minute passed by. By 10:37 am, Ashlynn began to focus on her filling bladder and urethra. Her need became more prominent and signals were being sent to her brain about the matter. Ashlynn shuffled her feet a few millimeters and scrunched her face. She knew it wouldn't be long before her need became serious.

Avana sat their quietly staring across the room, waiting for her daughter's name to be called. She knew the drill. 'Typical doctor's office waits. Always a long wait. Oh well. At least Ashlynn will get some kind of treatment. I can't believe she wet herself three times since she came home Thursday. Not only that, but that horrible math teacher and that stooge Principal kept my daughter from using the bathroom. Just awful.' Avana thought to herself.

She couldn't fathom how a whole school shut down toilet usage for cleaning it. It was done so unplanned and uncoordinated in advance. 'They should have given the day off or taken the students to another school building.' And worse of all, one student coerced this shut down of the bathrooms. How egotistical!

(Please read Bursting School Day Bladders for more information.) Avana shook her right leg whole keeping it crossed over her left leg. She could feel the urge to go too. But the bathrooms were off limits to those outside in the waiting room, unless called in by the nurse. But her concern was Ashlynn. Avana sort of blamed herself for what happened and even though she apologized she still felt regretful.

If only she noticed some of her diuretic pills fell into her daughter's coffee mug, her only daughter wouldn't be here. Still, what was done couldn't be altered. Time moved forward, not backward. It was now 10:55 am and still only five patients were called in. Three went in to be seen by the doctor while the other two had to give a urine sample.

Ashlynn shook her right leg vertically and quickly to curb her focus on her need to go. She could feel the pressure significantly and still building. Her urethra, still feeling sore, quivered. Her body went through hell and it wasn't about to go through more. Her mind was flooded with 'mayday' signals from her lower abdomen. It wanted relief now.

Ashlynn tried to remain focused on fighting the trainers in Erika's grass gym. She managed to fend off some of them with her charmeleon and farfetch'd as they had superior typing against the grass pokemon. But the poison powder, stun spore, and sleep powder attacks were becoming an issue. She didn't have an unlimited supply of awakening, antidote, and paralyze heal items. It costs money which she spent for this.

Her need to go was making her slip up too. She constantly miss pressed the wrong button or hastily chose the wrong move sets which costed her thr match against a cool trainer. She now had to leave the gym for the nearby pokemon center. She cursed for her mistakes in her mind. It was now 11 am and one hour passed. There were still 8 patients in front of her which meant more waiting.

*001*2022-10-02 23:03

I will post the rest of the story over the course of the next subsequent days. I hope you liked this story so far. I am still thinking off others sequels following Bursting School Day Bladders. I haven't been able to figure out a sequel regarding Camilla and her Tri-Royalty Brigade. I am considering a sequel regarding the transgender student Ginger. Perhaps she shows up for a final exam bursting or watching a film in a science class, or some other event. I was also thinking about Hortense Howard peeing during cheerleading at one of the inter-school games after school or during gym class. If any of you like, please use one of my characters from Bursting School Day Bladders and make up a story about one or more of them. I won't mind. If you have read this and Resistance is futile, thank you and have a great day.

*002*2022-10-05 21:52

It was now 11:15 am and still only 1 patient entered for actually being seen by the doctor. The office was trying its best to make time for each and every patient. However, time was running out as the office closed by 1 pm. Ashlynn and Avana sat there waiting to be seen by Dr. Mason. Since she and one other doctor was present, it was tough. Plus, a few nurses went on vacation.

Both Avalons were feeling the need to go build and build. Ashlynn kept shaking her leg and Avana kept wiggling her right foot crossed over her left. It was becoming hard for them to not show it. However, Ashlynn was feeling worse since her lower region would feel a bad urge. Even if the need to go wasn't as bad, her nerves still frazzled by what happened go in a frenzy.

Currently, she was fighting Erika from Celadon City. It was a tough fight with all the powders and using up items for healing. Ashlynn was making mistakes which costed her drowzee, farfetch'd, and butterfree. Now it was up to her machop, oddish, and charmeleon. The vileplume and tangent were trouble with the wrap and acid attacks. Her pokemon were unable to move or kept getting poisoned.

Meanwhile Avana's texting didn't do much to distract from her diuretic pills working on her bladder. But Ashlynn kept receiving signals like crazy from her bladder, sphincter, and urethra. And it was filling up fast. "How long does this office take to see someone. I have to pee. I can't have another accident. I am already embarrassed enough." Ashlynn thought to herself.

Avana wondered the same and felt worried about her daughter. Although she wasn't without awareness about her need, but she knew Ashlynn wasn't as strong right now. Just then, one elderly woman patient asked the person at the counter a favor. "Excuse me. I have to use your bathroom. Could I nip in there for a few minutes please?".

Everyone was looking at her light she was crazy. The bathrooms were only for urine flow samples and the waiting room bathrooms were out of order. The elderly woman continued. "I am not a patient but I am on the verge of an accident and ..."

The person at the counter replied an utmost outrageous response. "Of course you may. It's down the hall and to the right 3 doors down. So anyway Mr. Torres...". The elderly woman walked to the bathroom with a smile on her face. Everyone in the room didn't bother to stop their mouths from dropping to the floor. Even Ashlynn was horrified by this.

Here were those who really had to go and holding it for awhile on a full bladder while a non-patient was given permission. The person at the front desk allowed this because she didn't want to be disturbed on the phone. Unbelievable! Then again, she was new and still trying to keep up. One person, a 25-year old mom, couldn't take it anymore and went to the front desk.

"Hey. Hey you yeah you I need to pee. I am not elderly but if anyone can just go I want to go too. And don't give me that nonsense the bathroom is only for urine sampling. Oh please I can t hold it. I had two kids, each one a bowling ball, and also c-sections (frantically saying while holding her crotch and bobbing up and down)." Another person at the counter looked over and saw this brunette in a black short and jeans, pleading for the bathroom.

Just as the office worker (being spoken to) was about to speak, this other office worker just noticing stepped in. "Despite my coworkers mistaken choice of giving someone the bathroom, I must say it isn't allowed. Please sit down until your turn is up.". The woman didn't want to hear it. "If an elderly woman can go, why can't I? This is nonsense. Oh forget you people."

The woman ran past the counter and into the only other medical bathroom. "Wait you can't be in there. Hey come back-" the more experienced office worker called out. But it was too late. The woman went inside already. She shut the door and began her business on the toilet. Ashlynn and the other patients had half a mind to form a queue for their turn to go.

"Giancarlo. Giancarlo the doctor will see you now. Please follow me." Another patient and her family got up to meet with the doctor. Another nurse called another patient's name. "Fowler. Fowler are you here?". One Damon Fowler replied "Here. I am right here." He walked over to the nurse and accompanied her to an examination room.

The first nurse called out to a patient by the name of Sciuto. She was to accompany her nurse for going into a medical bathroom for urine sample. "Thank gawd I have to pee soso badly!" said one Ms. Sciuto. She walked with her legs pressed together and one hand on her abdomen. The brunette woman from earlier returned from the bathroom and went to the check out counter to ask for another appointment date.

Twenty more minutes passed and still only 5 patients left. It was 11:42 am and the office hours passed was more than half. Now Ashlynn wasn't able to concentrate on her gaming while sitting. She shifted around in her seat shaking both feet up and down, feeling anxiousness as she felt the need to go or else. She felt as though she was about to wet herself again.

"Damn it. I have to pee. Gawd when are they going to call me. I am the one with an actual problem, not the usual incontinence. Geez. What are they ... oh gawd my pee just made its way to the exit. Just behind it. If I move now I might have a flood again." Avana could see it on her daughter's face but she too was expressing worry due to the diuretic pills. "Damn it. Let me see if there is another bathroom I can use. I will try another office." Avana thought.

But then she figured her little Ash would be alone. And her daughter still has to go. "I have to go too. Damn pills. May be I should have forgone taking the pills this morning." Avana thought to herself. She held her crotch discreetly, trying to prevent staring eyes. Ashlynn kept losing against some Team Rocket trainers within the Celadon game corner due to her lack of concentration. "****! Damn it." She thought.

*003*2022-10-08 23:59

It was 12:02 pm and still Ashlynn waited to be seen by Dr. Mason. So far, five patients remained waiting to be seen before Ashlynn Avalon. Her need to go only worsened as time passed. She kept her hands in her crotch, moving forward and backward in her seat with a worried look. She breathed heavily and cursed at the wait times. Ashlynn was bursting big time and she could feel her golden liquid putting immense pressure against her exit hole to open up. Sadly, even her gameplaying wasn't enough. She had to go or else. Avana could see her daughter's plight but also began shaking her right foot perched above her left leg.

Avana kept looking at the time on her phone every so often wondering when her daughter will be seen. She didn't want to leave her child but she couldn't hold it forever. The diuretic pills were working on her bladder and below, still going strong. Avana wanted her daughter to be seen so she could meet with the doctor and use the bathroom If she went now, she might miss being with her daughter. "Come on Wy, please see my daughter."

At 12:07 pm, another patient was called in to be seen. "Fitzgerald, hey come on in. The doctor will see you now. Right this way." The patient went in and could now see the doctor. No need for a urine flow test. Another female patient, a 21-year old redhead, got up and went towards the nurse calling for the previous patient. "Hey can you let me in. I have to pee sosososo BAD! Please I can't hold this for much longer. Please just let me pee in your bathroom." The nurse wanted to be of help, but they couldn't allow this for patients that need to be seen for a urine flow test. And there was two more patients before. "I'm sorry you'll have to wait. Please sit down."

The rejection only added to this redhead's anxiety. "You can't do this. I'm about to pee myself. Don't make me embarrass myself! I, Ambirly Ainsly will not pee myself here and ... just wait a moment Mr. Fitzgerald. You can't bar me from this. It's illegal and a health violation. You can't do this." The nurse replied. "I see your pain but I also have to call two more patients for their urine flow test. I can't hold them up. They're next so sit down now." But Ambirly wasn't hearing any of it. However, Mr. Fitzgerald pushed her aside and went to be taken to his examination room

Ambirly wasn't waiting for approval and also went inside, only to be stopped by office staff. They hurried her back into the waiting room, and closed the door. Ambirly was warned not to barge into the examination room hallway without permission. In addition, the bathroom was being set up for the other two patients. Ambirly couldn't believe her ears. All she wanted to do was use the bathroom before having an accident. She was hear for a urine flow test and being checked up. But she did come here with a hangover and a bursting bladder from yesterday. She had a wild time with her friends drinking and now all that booze was biting her on the butt.

Ambirly went over the front counter to plead for the bathroom. She was so severely bursting and she couldn't hold it any longer. She stood there swaying her hips side to side, wedging her hands between her legs, bobbing up and down. "Please let me in please oh I'm sorry for my behavior its just how you are when you really really really really have to pee like crazy oh please let me go I'm about to go here and now PLEEEAAZZZZE!" She did have about 7 jugs worth of beer, 10 shots of vodka, and participated in a game that involved consuming so red wine. Of course it piled up in her exit corridor beneath her already distended and sore bladder. And she drank so much water due to dehydration which made it worse. And she even drove here. Yikes!

The person at the front counter was annoyed as it was. This person, Edith Sykes, just got off the phone with a surly caller and dealing with a computer glitch that she was in no mood for an adult behaving like a 4-year old begging for the toilet. "SIT DOWN or else I will call security and have you taken out of here. Our waiting room bathroom has been off limits and we need our bathroom out here (near examination rooms) for patient urine samples and urine flow results. We can't have people just coming into the bathrooms and messing it up. We know how people treat public bathrooms and we can't have that in a medical office that must be sterile as heath department code says-". But she was cut off by a young woman fighting her urge to go (wave of desperation) on her last dregs of willpower.

"I won't mess up your bathroom but you can't just let me pee here. I can't hold it-" but she was cut off by Edith. "I'm sorry I can't let you in here. Sit down and-". "I CAN'T WAIT. I JUST CAN'T WAIT oh gawd I can't do this." Ambirly made a break for the door, when suddenly it swung open. It hit her in the face, causing her to fall backwards. She grabbed the counter to prevent from falling backwards. But it was too late. "No-nonononoNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO". The flood occurred and happening unabated. There was no stopping it. She couldn't. Her lower region gave out. She screamed trying to put her hand between her legs to plug it up but nothing she did could stop it. Her crotch area of her shorts darkened quickly and rose up both the front and back.

The wetness enveloped the sleeves of her shorts, traveling down her legs as rivulets and fast moving streams down her legs to her shoes. Some of her rivulets flowed off her legs and sprayed the floor. Others were droplets falling onto the floor. The rivulets snaked around the back or to the front. The center saw huge columns of her golden liquid spraying outwards surrounded by droplets falling down. She tried to stop it by contracting her urethra and keeping her hands pressed tightly. Alas, her efforts were in vain. Her urethra didn't budge. Ambirly was stared upon by everyone in the room, incluidng the Avalon women. These two looked in horror and dread as that fate was also awaiting them.

Avana couldn't believe seeing another gilr wet herself. The last time she saw this was her daughter when Ashlynn used to wet the bed as a toddler. Ashlynn was most the most terrified by the spectacle. She just suffered this and now saw herself as she was in that wretched detention room and hallways of her high school. It was as though her future flashed before her very eyes. The universe, it seemed, was foreshadowing what it wanted for Ashlynn. Another embarrassing moment of dirty, damp, and wetness all over. And she would be all alone in her golden lowly moment again.

One of the patients heckled at her. "Hey babe need a diaper? (cruel laughter)". Another, more older woman of 60-years old looked at Ambirly with derision. "I have had several children and at my age I should be having an accident. Not some lowly 21st century dumb redhead. Geez. They don't make'em like they used to." The nurse who opened the door felt shock and sorrow. But also annoyed as to why she stood so close to the door. She called for a janitor, but she was told he wasn't here on weekends. So she chose to grab a tarp to cover the area. She did so after Ambirly stopped going.

Poor Ambirly was crying and yelling at the office staff. "I told you I told you this is your fault. I'm suing this place for what you made me do!". She ran out the door sobbing. Everyone could't believe what just happened. Silence fell over the waiting room for the remainder of the time, except for the office staff and other medical personnel. They knew life kept going on. One accident wasn't going to stop them. And accidents did happen a few times. It wasn't unheard of.

After that whole ordeal, it was now 12:08 pm, and still only three people remained in front of her. Ashlynn was already traumatized by her horrifying day two days ago (please see Bursting School Day Bladders) and just now with Ambirly. It only psychologically worsened her need to go. She desperately wanted to go. She was now fighting waves of desperation that returned as quickly as they went away. She knew her time was coming up. Avana, also trying to stay calm, couldn't anymore. Now she was on the verge of wetting herself. She couldn't take it anymore. She turned to Ashlynn and replied. "Ash Ash I have to go. Just stay here. I will be back. I can't wait. I promise to be back." She got up and left the office in a sort of hobbling motion. She left the building to the nearby Burger Station joint.

Ashlynn remained inside waiting to be seen. She hoped it wouldn't be long now. Now that Ambirly was gone, only three people still remained. She wished they also wet themselves, left, and only left her in the waiting room. She tried to play her game again, but she was just too shaken up. Plus, after another five minutes Avana came back. "How's everything?" she asked. Ashlynn replied she had to go and nothing changed. Ashlynn shook her leg even more rapidly and more noticeably. Suddenly, the door opened and the two patients came back to wait for being seen by the doctor. The last person in front of her was to be seen. It was an elderly blind man in wheel chair. Luckily, he just had to be seen by the doctor. No need for a urine sample.

It was now 12:16 pm. The two patients still waited to be seen while the elderly man didn't yet come out of the bathroom. It was a pain for someone with a portable vent and oxygen tank for breathing, and in a wheelchair. Still, things had to be done carefully and properly.

*004*2022-10-10 02:02

The waiting room began winding down as time approached 1:00 pm. However, the two other patients were called in while the vent patient in a wheel chair came back. Ashlynn panted and crossed her legs several times. She felt herself in the same situation as her day of bladder torture two days ago. She couldn't hang on longer and about to wet herself.

It was now 12:37 pm and her face contorted in several ways with a general look of franticness. She couldn't hang on and Avana asked three times how much longer until her poor daughter could be seen. Avana didn't feel a strong need to go despite feeling her insides filling up. She could feel her newly growing ocean slowly filling up with a mild need to go. It wasn't close to serious yet. Her main concern was her daughter.

The clock ticked ever so seemingly slowly. It was either the illusion or it just had old moving gears. Either way, Ashlynn felt the way she did in Mrs. Kay's class as well as in some of her other classes, like marine biology. She shifted in her seat, slightly getting up and sitting back down several times. Her whimpering, ever so whispered, could be heard by the four walls. Even the elderly man in the wheel chair could see.

"The youth of today are weak. In my day, boys and girls held their water despite whatever happened. Our parents trained us to be tough even at a young age." He thought. Ashlynn kept her hands on her thighs, clutching them with all her might as she fought this one unending wave of desperation. Her body was already under so much stress and strain that it was a miracle she held on.

But time was running out for this poor girl. Ashlynn kept shaking her legs up and down, and crossing her ankles. At times, she crossed and double crossed her legs too, shaking her crossed legs up and down. At one point to now, the wave of desperation had reached its pinnacle intensity which forced Ashlynn to remain stiff.

Her breathing was stiff, her breathing becoming hampered as her chest and abdomen were forced inwards as she put all her physical strength into holding it. Her exit corridor shook and ready to buckle at any moment now. She breathed through her teeth and her eyelids shut, and her face a painful grimace. Avana had enough of watching her daughter who patiently waited and needed to get relief.

Even if it was as simple as a chance to give a urine sample or a urine flow test, it was better than nothing. She saw her daughter trying not to put on this show but her need was just too much. No matter how much Ashlynn tried to contract harder, it didn't work. Her poor muscle (urethra aka exit corridor) couldn't go any further and the urge to go didnt subside. Ashlynn was on the verge of an an accident. Avana was just about to ask again when her cell phone rang.

The caller ID showed it was her supervisor. She had to take the call and take it outside. Since drug laboratory workers were government workers, it didn't seem right to talk on the phone about company work in public. She answered the call while quietly letting her daughter know of the phone call. Avana got up and went outside the office. Ashlynn was by herself again, and bursting like at her school.

The pain from straining too much was becoming more than she could bear and it was time to let it all out. Ashlynn kept looking at the clock in the office moving ever so slowly. It was now 12:42 pm and still nothing. She wondered why she wasn't called in yet. The other two patients were back and the elderly man was just returning. So why couldn't she just be called for a urine sample or urine flow test?

All Ashlynn could do was sit there and stew in her desperation on borrowed time. Then, one of the nurses came inside the waiting room and looked at the remaining six patients. She had this unhappy and solemn look on her face. "I have to inform you that our toilets are out of order due to a slight plunming issue and is being fixed right now. We are currently fixing it but until it is no one is allowed to enter them. Thank you for your patience."

Ashlynn couldn't believe what she heard. She was about wet herself and now there was a plumbing issue? Why now? It is Thursday all over again! She thought to herself why universe seemingly had it out for her.

*005*2022-10-11 02:42

The time passed by as the office approached closing time. Yet there were two patients waiting to be seen by the doctor. The office staff began preparations for leaving the office while one continued her computer work to stay behind. This usually happened when trying to book too many patients. Still, the wait time was a pain in the neck. Ashlynn and the elderly patient wanted to be seen so they could go home. Why was this taking so long to be seen they wondered?

The elderly man felt this was a dis-service to the elderly folk who couldn't wait for so long and those on a ventilator. Plus, their bladders weren't as strong as younger folk. And this man was from a time when society had traditional values about putting the elderly first as a sign of respect. As for Ashlynn, sitting there squirming in the chair, her time was out and now the inevitable was about to happen. And worse was the plumbing issue. But that doesn't explain why she couldn't go into those machines that measure urine flow.

At least that way she could have some relief. But that was 20 minutes ago. The clock struck 12:57 pm and Ashlynn was now ready to let the exit corridor give way. She just couldn't bare the pain of holding it in any longer. Her face scrunched into the most pained look while leaning forward in her seat and her hands wedged in the crotch of her jeans.

The wave of desperation was as such she couldn't hang on as it continued to pulsate and throb. Her frantic meter read 20 on the scale of 1-10. Her body shook and strained as she tried to keep herself dry. But now she was ready to just settle for a flood. Her feet were shifting all over the place and she tried to get up for just making a run for the bathroom. But that was challenging enough because it felt as though she was carrying a bowling ball.

The neurons firing off from her urethra to her brain were firing off at will. They all had one message. It was a signal that in her mind that just persisted. Her mind was screaming as this terror of a signal just kept sounding off. Ashlynn wanted to fight back but her mind wanted this to end and her willpower was being drowned out. This was it" she thought. Another flood and another wrecked pair of clothes in public.

Suddenly, good news came as the nurse from earlier entered the room. "Okay the bathrooms are ready. Avalon where is Avalon?". Ashlynn couldn't believe it as finally her name was mentioned. But before she could call out she recoiled herself into an almost fetal position as she almost had an ever so slight accident to near flood. She raised her hand to be noticed. The nurse saw her hand and her need to go.

The nurse came over and spoke. "Are you okay?". Ashlynn replied in a strained voice. "N-no I'm n-not. I have to p-pee and I can't hold it. If I stand up I might piss myself." With that, the nurse understood and agreed to help Ashlynn to one of the bathrooms. Another nurse called the elderly man to see the doctor right away. Both were now feeling more relieved. But Ashlynn wasn't out of the woods yet.

*006*2022-10-15 14:38

Good Saturday to all. I know this story is in need of finishing. To all who have been following along this story, my gratitude to them. I will try finish this story today and put the nail on the coffin for Ashlynn's incontinence. I will have a story ready for another character too, followed by others. Let the story hopefully finish today.

*008*2022-10-16 04:23

The story picks up exactly where I left off from the last post:

The nurse (I choose to name Olanna Oberton) came over to Ashlynn to help her up. "I've got you. Slowly get up from your seat. It's okay I'm here." Olanna said in a comforting voice. Ashlynn, still fidgeting in her seat, clutching her crotch and trying not to wet herself, inhaled a lot of air to the best of her ability. Carefully, she started to rise from her seat slowly and cautiously. Ashlynn was about to stand (albeit hunched) when she whimpered and sat back down. She felt the pressure become so great and almost had an accident.

Her liquid golden ocean oozed it's way to almost coming out as a small accident in her underwear. It was now right at the exit to her exit corridor and about to escape her. She remained stiff on her seat keeping her hands wedged in her crotch. "It's okay. Just take your time." Olanna said. Ashlynn, on her last reserves of energy, felt her muscle stinging and quivering. It was now or never.

Cautiously, Ashlynn slowly raised herself off the chair and stood up hunched forward. She took small steps forward to the door to the hallway for examination rooms. Each step taken only lengthened her bladder torture as she moved equally to a snail. Ashlynn wished for the power of teleportation and pop into the bathroom. "I wish Kurt Wagner was my father and passed on his DNA to me!" She thought. Just as Olanna and Ashlynn turned right outside the doorway from the waiting room, they ran into the elderly man in the wheelchair.

The elderly patient surrounded by his son and the nurse (who called his name), blocked the pathway towards the bathroom. The man suffered from a momentary laps in breathing due to one of the tubes detaching from the in-line. It happened when another medical staff walked by, and her clipboard snagged on the tube. It disconnected, sounding the ventilator alarm and causing some lack of breathing.

The son and nurse, along with the other medical staff stayed with him to fix the tracheostomy tube and check the other tubes for loose spots, and to console the elderly man that everything was okay. "Everything's okay. You're not going to-" but she cut off by the elderly man. "I'm not fine you idiot. You people almost killed me. I'm suing this place for endangering me and robbing me of the right to breathe. Your apologies mean nothing. You people ... (coughing) ... have no accountability and no sense of how to treat people. And especially the elderly. They should always go first. That's respect society has forgotten. It's an outrage." He continued on, while holding up the hallway.

The son did his best to console his father knowing full well his angered state only makes his breathing rate and blood pressure higher. Of course the son agreed with his father but he had to calm him down first. "Let's get out of here dad. Forget these-" but the elderly patient cut his son off. "Don't tell me what to do!" the elderly man shouted back before coughing and gasping for more air.

Behind them was Ashlynn Avalon, bursting beyond belief. Olanna spoke up asking for passage by the elderly man. "Excuse me, we need to get by. May we please pass through?". But her polite asking was only upsetting the elderly man. (For convenience, I will name him Russell Denton.) Ashlynn was fighting an urge that just kept getting worse and made her more frantic.

In her mind, she cursed the spectacle before her. "Movemovemovemovemovemovemovemovemovemovemove! Oh gawd what is this? Why wone he just move out of the way. Damnitihavetopeeeee!" She clutched her crotch, grabbing for dear life as she fought a wave of desperation that still persisted. She bobbed up and down, looking for any sort of way past the Russell, like an animal trapped and frantically looking for a way out.

Olanna asked again but despite the plight of her patient, the other nurse wasn't able to get through to Russell. "Mr. Denton please-"

"Oh no you get to walk away and ignore me. You'll let a child pass but us elderly folk you ignore? Disgraceful-hey don't move my chair son! I'm not done rectifying this injustice." But she couldn't take it anymore. "MOVE IT move it Noooow!" Ashlynn screamed.

Her urethra was about to give way. Her golden liquid ocean escaped her exit corridor, spurted it's way between the folds of her skin covering her genital area twice, and oozed its way towards escaping that. She was on the verge if a full scale accident as of this moment. "U-u-uuuuuuhhhh." Ashlynn whimpered. Her looks shook and appeared to buckle while pressed together. Her face had the most pained look across it since this Thursday past.

Russell was so fed up that he demanded to leave. His son had to turn the wheel chair slowly and carefully. That meant wasting more time turning the chair around and several times moving backwards just to prevent hurting Russell's feet. Ashlynn was becoming ever more impatient as time went on. "Hurry up hurry up oh gawd please hurry the **** up!" She thought.

At this point, her urethra reached a final pinnacle of throbbing which required all her remaining strength and willpower which she sort of didn't have nor want. She just wanted to end it right then and there. She wished she was Ambirly, or Gretchen (from her high school. Please see Bursting School Day Bladders!"). They both went and didn't have to suffer from holding it for so long.

Her whole body tensed up and stiffened so badly, even her abdomen contracted inwards to such a degree she felt becoming possibly sick to her stomach. Her face winced with the worst express of feeling pain. Her teeth pressed ever so tightly against each other, eyes kept shut and her leg double crossed around the other.

"COMEON I have to pee I'm gonna pee myself. Please just me go!". But the son replied in annoyance he was doing his best and she should be more understanding towards the elderly. Ashlynn couldn't retort back as she focused on being dry. Not another article of clothing south of the abdomen was to be drenched. But that depended upon getting to the bathroom.

Suddenly, a door shut hard, causing her flinch by startledness. She spurted again into her lips and more of her golden liquid oozed towards the exit. Even as close to touching her underwear. Then, another medical staff member brushed past her and causing her to almost spurt. This wasn't good for Ashlynn whose urethra couldn't hold back the pressure and still allowing the space just behind her genital lips to fill up. Soon they would give way too as some dribbling continued into the space before exiting her lips. She did manage to stop the slow but the pressure against her exit corridor returned to its pinnacle pressure.

Now the elderly Russell could be wheeled out the hallway and into the office towards the exit door. Ashlynn wasn't out of the woods yet. Now she had to carefully make her way towards the bathroom for a urine sample which would be easier said than done. How was she to allow a small stream to pass while not having a huge flood? And how would she clean up the mess all over her hands, and legs from the splattering. Not to mention the urine flow. Now it would be impossible to control the flow if able to allow her liquid waste to escape her.

*009*2022-10-17 00:54

Ashlynn continued down the hall, walking briskly and awkwardly with her hands still clutching on for dear life. The pressure against her urethra remained at its utmost painful pinnacle and so far no further dribbling occurred. But she could feel her moist lips trying to hold back the golden ocean ready to stain her underwear. Ashlynn was panicking and facing a barrage of endless waves of signals from her mind to let it go now. The very fiber of her being was ready to succumb to the desire for release.

Olanna stayed with her, telling her she's almost there. Ashlynn walked small steps which only prolonged the time it took to get there and only 3 doors passed. She had to pass two more doors, make a left, and pass another two doors. Her already panicked mind only became more irritable. "Come on Ashlynn move faster move faster!". Back in the waiting room, Avana returned to find it empty and her daughter not there. She went over to the check-in counter to inquire about her daughter. But she was informed she was called inside.

Avana went into the hallway and hurried over to her daughter. "Ash oh Ash I'm here. I got this thank you."

"I have to take her to the bathroom with her cup for urine sample is." Olanna said. Now both Avalon women with Olanna made their way to the bathroom passing by each door and of course making the left. Once at the door, they had to wait as someone was inside. Inside was one of the medical staff wasting time as it was her break time. Outside could be heard a gossip about another female and a male partner of a romantic nature.

Ashlynn's mind and heart raced more as the nature of this nonsense was offensive. Here was someone in danger of an accident and this .... this ...... unbelievably rude person tookmup the whole bathroom for frivolous reasons. But Ashlynn knew there was another bathroom and chose to go there. Just a couple of feet away she walked before going to the other medical bathroom.

As with Olanna, she did stop walking a few times and having to fight her wave of desperation. Then, keep moving forward. Once at the other bathroom vacant and door opened. Ashlynn hobbled inside only to find the bathroom toilet totally disgusting and not flushed. The toilet bowl looked clogged with paper and the number two. Ashlynn, more annoyed than ever, cried out why the universe hates her. She couldn't understand what was wrong with people and where was everyone. Furthermore, the seat was filthy and there wasn’t enough paper to clean it up.

Ashlynn had to return to the other bathroom. She went to the other bathroom door and banged on the door frantically . "Open up please I have to pee so badly and I can't hold it." Ashlynn cried. "Ash have some class!" Avana replied. But Ashlynn didn't care. Not only that but she just couldn't take it anymore. She whimpered and frantically bobbed up and down, fighting the wave of desperation so powerful, and panicking from spurting. Olanna also knocked on the door. She knew who it was judging by the voice of the medical staff person. "Didi time to come out a patient need to go!". But this Didi only replied "Piss off! I still have 10 more minutes of my break. Leave me alone. Go use the other bathroom!"

Olanna didn't bother with her and went to her supervisor regarding the situation and brining more paper goods for the other toilet. "Don't worry I'll get my super. This is nonsense!". The two Avalon women were sooooo angered by this. Ashlynn was on the verge of an accident and had zero borrowed time. At least Olanna took action of some kind so she won't be facing issues. Avana knocked on the door calling out to whomever was inside. "Excuse me are you coming out soon my daughter has to use the bathroom.

Ashlynn started to loose her balance as her legs began to buckle. She cried out from the pain. At this point, she was ready to use the other toilet without care for the unhygienic state of the toilet or lack of paper. She had to go now and no more delays. The supervisor for the nurses showed up as Ashlynn was turned to walk towards the other bathroom. The super saw this and closed off the bathroom.

Her heart sank seeing another opportunity to go slip through her fingers. How could she be so shallow and germophobic/clean freak? That was her chance to go. But how could she use such a toilet and how. There were no walls to lean against and her mom wasn't going to be with her inside. The super (named Regina) came with authority and knocked on the door. "Didi open up. Time's up. Come outlt now or I'm pulling you outta there!" Didi thought she was kidding but she wasn't.

Ashlynn stood there, frantic and in pain. She just couldn't. She just couldn't. It was too much on her body. She could feel her urethra throbbing and pulsing as it began to buckle. Her bladder and sphincter began giving way. "Nah-ahahaaaaa-aaaaahhh ..... mmmmmmmm ... (whimpering) ..... (jeans sleeves scissoring) ...." Regina knocked again but Didi didn't answer. Regina called out "Open this door or I am coming inside!"

This time Didi knew she was serious. She knew the super had the authority to remove staff from the bathrooms should they take too long. Didi replied back. "Okay okay I'm coming out." Outside, time was running out for poor Ashlynn. Avana was frustrated and annoyed about the whole place. And still she didn't see this Dr. Mason. She wondered what happened to the practice and why things became this way. Ashlynn fought and fought and fought.

Ashlynn whimpered even more as her patience and holding power finally left her. This was it. "Eh eh-eh mh mh mh mmmm-eh mmmmmmm .. mmmmhh meh (wincing and leg fidgeting)". Didi just finished up and now washing her hands. But she took a little too long and began pulling up her clothes. She would have left the bathroom until her zipper became stuck. Regina was fed up and stated loudly "I'm coming in.". "No wait. I'm not fully dressed." Did replied. But Regina and Ashlynn didn't care. Ashlynn couldn't hold on.

Ashlynn went to grab the door when she stopped dead in her spot. She hunched forward into a bow stance. Her knees bent forward while pressed together, her face wincing and teeth pressed tightly, and her almost lost. "Ah ah ah-ah-ah sssss.... oh gawd I can't I just can't hey open up open up in there open ..... [suddenly silence] (eyes widening simultaneously while gasping loudly) NOOOOOOOOOOOO!".

Her battle was now over and begun has the flood of golden fountain of biological waste. Darkness emerged and rapidly spread down and around the pant sleeves of her jeans, and spilling out from the sleeves down her feet, into her shoes and some down her shoes. Some of her golden flooding traveled up the front and back of her crotch and buttock areas of her jeans and underwear.

Between her legs was a stream traveling down between her legs along with some streams emerging from her jeans and falling to the floor. Droplets also emerged too striking the floor and splattering all over the floor. And while the flood occurred, she frantically grabbed the doorknob turning it crazily both directions while screaming at Didi to open the door. Olanna, Regina, and Avana were shocked and horrified by Ashlynn's accident.

20 seconds following the flood, the door finally opened backwards as Didi made her way out. She had this annoyed wtf look for the crazy doorknob movement only to be replaced by shock at seeing this young blonde girl having an accident and a hissing noise pushing past her. Ashlynn couldn't even move but tried to contract her urethra trying to stem the flow. But her urethra just wouldn't do anything. It was as useless as on Thursday when it gave up. It just couldn't handle the pressure.

She was defeated by her sore body and now feeling worse she couldn't do something right and not letting her embarrassing accident be in vain. She smacked her foot against the puddle she stood in several times and just hung her head low crying in front of everyone. sat down on the toilet sobbing. Avana could see her daughter and understood. Again, Ashlynn suffered another humiliating accident and at her age. Her body still hadn't recovered thanks to her mom's misshap with the diuretic pills and her stupid school two days ago.

This was such a blow to her confidence and the hope of recovering to a life of normalcy. Regina was annoyed as hell thanks to Didi and Ashlynn for walking inside spreading the accident. "Now I have to clean up a much bigger mess. You are done hogging up the bathroom. You can't do this. I told you others need the bathroom Didi!." She stormed off to report this to Dr. Mason. Olanna and Avana were more understanding than Regina and definitely not at all towards Didi. Didi tried to make the excuse it wasn't her fault what happened to Ashlynn.

Avana didn't care for her excuses. Ashlynn didn't care whose fault it was. Now she was just angry and miserable. She cursed the universe and just wanted to disintegrate. What method didn't matter. She sobbed loudly and didn't even cover her face. She didn't think there was a point as her dignity was destroyed for the third time. Once at school, once at work, and now.

*010*2022-10-17 01:24

It was now 1:32 pm when the accident happened. Ashlynn had to stand there until she dried herself off. Of course she didn't strip but her shoes on the bottom were wiped. She didn't take her shoes off despite having her urine halfway filling her shoes. After standing there for 10 minutes, she just wanted to go home. But as she was about to go home, Dr. Mason showed up. Avana was furious and explained the situation to Wynona along with Olanna and Regina.

Didi tried to save her skin but it didn't work. She received a serious scolding and being herded over to the HR office. Ashlynn just wanted to go home. She just didn't care about living and if she ever recovered. But Avana wanted her daughter to be seen and a remedy sought as she didn't feel it was right her daughter remain in danger of wetting herself again or feeling urge after urge to go. Plus, there was no telling when Dr. Mason would be available again. Long story short, after the Avalon women argued Ashlynn gave into her mother.

She explained her situation while sobbing and sniffling. She stopped speaking in between telling her story to cry. It was just so awful she just couldn't help but bawl her eyes out. Once she finished Dr. Mason agreed to see her but she wasn't done with Russell. So again, Ashlynn had to remain in her wet stinky clothes. So embarrassing and uncomfortable. She hated her mom. She hated her school. She hated Mrs. Kay, Principle Calhoun, Camilla, her workplace, Ambirly, Russell, and now Didi.

Her mom felt so sorry and hurt by her actions. Although this time wasn't her fault but the incontinence was first started by her own actions. It is true that Ashlynn was in a desperate state that Thursday morning due to drinking so much soda and coffee to stay awake and not use the bathroom while staying up so late Wednesday night. And she didn't take the time to go Thursday morning (this day is the day of Bursting School Day Bladders). But being denied the bathroom and having diuretics in her system wasn't 100% her fault.

It was now 2 pm and Ashlynn was about to leave when Dr. Mason saw her. And without Ashlynn's awareness and sense of feeling she began wetting herself again. She stopped it but the additional streaking on her right jeans sleeve was done. Her urethra was in such pain she wanted to let it all go. She asked for the bathroom which she could do. She returned with a urine sample too. She felt so damp as her underwear was sticky and clingy to her genitalia. Ugh!

Dr. Mason examined her and did an ultrasound. She sped up the results for preliminary checking and could tell her body just had to recover. She had to stay away from all diuretics and liquids that could irritate her urinary system and cause more incontinence. But pure water was fine. She received an rx for a ball for kiegel exercises for the next 10 days but she could return to school and work when she recovered a little more. She also got a rx medicine for incontinence and other advice.

Dr. Mason apologized for the staff and plumbing issue. But Ashlynn just left the office quietly and quickly. Avana made an appointment for follow up with Dr. Mason for 10 days later. The drive to the drug store and home was silent. Once home Ashlynn tan inside to urinate again. Then, she showered, dressed up in pajamas and lay on her bed. She felt foul and depressed. Even talking to her mom wasn't going to help. Avana left her alone for the day. She was happy to hear her daughter feeling a sense of laughter speaking with someone on the phone.

(Last part is to be revealed later.) Didi was suspended and pay docked. She was o so close to being fired. She lost her nurse license and redirected to a stupid desk duty job at another office. She never did any medical positions again. Ambirly did eventually serve the office but her time court did end up in punishment against the office but a little less due to her own stupidity for waiting so long to urinate.

That's it folks. And I retain my position. After 10 days Ashlynn did recover and never became this desperate ever again!

*012*2022-10-17 20:57

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

Good story. I really enjoyed it!

}}

