Untitled Gravity Falls fic

Author: Useless Guy

*000*2020-09-18 02:08

Pacifica really didn’t know how she got herself into these things.

Since the Pines twins had returned to Gravity Falls for another amazing Summer, the young heiress had taken to sneaking out to the Mystery Shack whenever her parents went on one of their many business trips. She wanted to experience normal teenage past-times, like sleepovers and corny movie nights. Unfortunately, Dipper and Mabel Pines were pretty much the opposite of normal teenagers, and more often than not, she found herself being dragged on yet another monster hunt.

“So what are we looking for?”

“I’m not sure actually,” Dipper admitted, “but something is messing with the town water supply, and unless everyone wants to start bathing in squirrels, or that weird glowing lake in the woods, we need to figure out what that something is.”

“So now we get to hike all the way up to the reservoir, Yay.” Pacifica snarked as they left the Shack, “You realize it’s probably just a bird or something caught in the pipe, right?”

“A bird wouldn’t make the water flow uphill to the reservoir.” Dipper retorted. “It’s either a gravity anomaly left over from last year, or something with telekinetic control over water. Maybe something that can control gravity? Were there any tragic accidents at the site of the reservoir?...”

“Aaaand there he goes.” Pacifica knew from experience that Dipper was unreachable once he started theorizing like this. It was a good thing his rambling was so endearing….Wait, where had that come from?

Pacifica was jolted out of her minor existential crisis by a twinge from her bladder. Abruptly she realized she had not used the powder room before leaving on this hike. She wasn’t worried though, between her parent’s strict methods and their lavish, all day dinner parties, she was accustomed to holding it for long periods of time. She could handle this.

“When I come of age and buy all this land, the first thing I’m going to do is build rest stops!” Pacifica complained to herself. They had only been hiking for about an hour, but her need had grown much faster than she expected. “There must have been something diuretic in that concoction Mabel made earlier. Well, besides enough caffeine to kill a horse.” She shivered uncomfortably as her bladder complained yet again. “Make that two horses.”

Still, no matter how bad this got, she wasn’t going to make everyone turn around just because she needed a pee break (No, not needed. Happened to want) and she certainly wasn’t going to let anyone see her vulnerable. She was a Northwest, and her parents were right about one thing, Northwests weren’t weak.

Still, no one would notice if she crossed her legs a little bit, right?

“Oh boy, this is getting urgent. I don’t think I’ve had to go this bad since I was six!”

“Are we almost there?” She asked Dipper. “I do have other things to do besides hunting a water wizard or whatever.”

“Well maybe if someone hadn’t spilled coffee and smile dip all over the map-”

“Oooh you think it might actually be a waterbender?” Asked the someone in question, “Remind me to show Paz that show when we get back.”

“Speaking of water, we’re out.” Dipper continued, “Since we were going in the wrong direction this whole time, we can swing by Greasy’s and get a refill.”

“I can work with that.” Pacifica thought. “Sure, it’s not the highest quality place in the world, but the bathrooms can’t be that bad.”

“Nope! Nope nope nope.”

They were that bad.

One entirely too long conversation with Lazy Susan later, a still unrelieved Pacifica was climbing up a steep trail towards the Gravity Falls reservoir. By this point, every step was jostling her bladder, and the water she could hear from a nearby stream wasn’t helping matters-especially when Dipper insisted on stopping at it.

“You see this? This natural stream isn’t being drained. Whatever this is, it’s got beef with the town specifically.”

“I’d have beef with the town too if I lived at the reservoir.” Mabel piped up, “All those humans stealing my water just to take baths and flush toilets.”

“Did you have to mention toilets?”

“C’mon guys, we can follow this stream to the reservoir. Just a few more switchbacks!”

“It’s all right Pacifica, you can hold it. Just think of something that’s not liquid.”

“Travel song! 99 Bottles of Pitt on the wall, 99 bottles of Pitt!”

“You have got to be kidding me.”

After what seemed like an eternity, they finally crowned the last hill and reached the reservoir. The area in front of the outlet pipe was completely dried up, a massive wall of water partitioning it from the rest of the pool like Moses himself was standing on the shore. Beyond that, frolicking in the overfull lake were-

“Are those unicorns?” Mabel asked with uncharacteristic disgust.

“They’re Nokks.” Dipper corrected in a hushed voice, “Water spirits that look like horses! These things are so rare, even Great Uncle Ford has never seen one! Why would they show up now?”

As they watched, the Nokks gathered near the mouth of the stream. Water flowed unnaturally into a large mass, seemingly held together by sheer force of will. The bubble swelled, then burst (Pacifica stiffened at the sound) to reveal a smaller Nokk, which the adults quickly surrounded and helped to it’s feet.

“Amazing!” Dipper gushed. “They recalled the towns water because they needed it to reproduce!” He turned to his sister, only to realize too late exactly what reaction the foal had provoked.

“EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! IT’S ADORABLE!”

Predictably, every single Nokk turned towards the source of the noise. Suddenly, they didn’t look so cute.

The wall of water collapsed, splattering water over all three kids, and nearly causing Pacifica to get even wetter. Dipper grabbed the girls and took off running at a faster speed than Pacifica thought he was physically capable of. They just barely caught sight of the Nokks charging before they sped into the nearby foliage.

“Come on Paz, run! Move those heavily insured legs!”

The trio scrambled through the woods around the reservoir, just barely keeping ahead of the furious Nokks. Dipper quickly veered in a different direction, trying to lure the Nokks away from the girls. Pacifica barely had time to register how chivalrous this was before Mabel suddenly grabbed her around the waist.

“What are you-”

“GRAPPLING HOOK!”

Pacifica yelped as they lifted from the ground. Mabel’s grappling hook snagged a tree branch, and they held each other for dear life as they swung to safety in the thicket, and watched anxiously as the herd of Nokks passed them by Throughout the entire chase Pacifica was too focused on running for her life to notice her bladder.

But now she remembered.

“Ahhh!”

Mabel whirled around to find Pacifica doubled over with her hand jammed between her thighs and an expression of mingled pain and fear on her face.

“Woah, you OK Paz?” Mabel’s eyes widened. “Wait, do you...do you need to pee?”

“I-” Pacifica clenched her teeth and twisted her legs together as another wave of urgency hit her. “Ok fine, yes I have to pee.” She snapped, “What do you want me to do about it?”

“That’s where I come in!” Mabel said proudly. “I’ve been an expert on peeing outside for like a week now!”

“Outside!?” Pacifica gasped. “N-no I can’t! What would my parents say?”

“What will they say if you wet yourself?” Mabel retorted. “I know it’s embarrassing, but I don’t think you have a choice.”

She was right of course. In this state, Pacifica didn’t think she could make it past the reservoir again, let alone back to the town.

“Thank goodness Dipper isn’t here.”

“If you tell anyone about this, I’ll sue you for slander.” She told Mabel seriously. “What do I do?”

“Well first you take off your-”

“I know that!”

“No, I mean take them all the way off. In case you...miss.”

“I’m not going to-fine. Don’t you dare look!”

“Don’t do it yet! I gotta show you the next step! You wanna thrust your hips forward, and then you grab your...” Mabel awkwardly mimed the required hand placement. Thankfully, her companion understood.

Mabel turned around as Pacifica stripped and took position in front of a tree. “Alright, now just….let go.”

Mabel expected her well off friend to have some trouble relaxing, but within 30 seconds, the telltale dribbling noise started, quickly gaining intensity and mingling with a quiet moan of relief.

“She must have been at her limit.” Mabel thought, “Which, judging from the sound, is a heck of a lot higher than mine.”

Then, Mabel heard another noise. There was something entering their clearing.

The Nokks were back.

“Paz, Paz!” Mabel whispered urgently, snapping the other girl out of her trance. “The horses are back! They’re following the sound! You gotta stop!”

“I can’t!” Pacifica gritted her teeth as her stream sputtered out for half a second, then burst to life again. She could hear the Nokk coming, it was probably less than 3 feet away. What kind of a Northwest was she? She and her friend were in mortal danger and she couldn’t even get her own body to cooperate!

“Honestly, that makes you a perfect Northwest." A voice in the back of her mind whispered cruelly.

"Shut up, me!"

With a final push of effort, the young heiress finally managed to shut off the flow. She and Mabel held their breath as she quickly redressed herself, ready to run if necessary. Slowly, the strange sound of the Nokk’s hoofbeats faded.

“Ok.” Mabel said, keeping her breathing steady, “Let’s double back around, and then we can find someplace else for you to-”

WHOOM

Mabel’s ears popped as a deluge of water enveloped her. Dimly, she realized that all the Nokks must have combined into one huge, sentient flood.

She hated it when monsters merged together.

Pacifica shrieked as the water tossed them back and forth, then tumbled them end over end. The two girls tried to swim to safety, but spontaneous whirlpools dragged them back down, draining their air reserves the more they struggled.

“I’m sorry, unfavorite stuffed animals.”

Abruptly, the girls were thrust to the surface of the wave, and jerked in a different direction as it changed course. Mabel peered through a film of water at a smudge ahead of them.

Wait, that smudge was Dipper, riding a Nokk, leading the entire amalgamated herd to the weird lake in the woods.

And Pacifica was just...staring at him.

“OOOOOOOOH!”

Mabel was jolted out of her internal squealing as the Nokks unceremoniously dumped them onto the shore of the lake. Immediately, she ran and high-fived her awesome brother. Pacifica looked no less happy to be alive, but hung back from physical contact, blushing.

“Shipshipshipshipshiiiip!”

“Wait, she’s not fidgeting anymore.”

“That was awesome Dipper!” Mabel said, rapidly changing the subject, “How did you tame it?”

Dipper shrugged. “Turns out they really like Cheese Boodles.”

Pacifica punched him in the arm. “You’re lucky we didn’t die, dipstick. When-no, if we do this again, I pick the activity, got it?”

With that, they headed back to the town. True to her word, Mabel didn’t mention the other source of the moisture on Pacifica’s clothes.

*003*2020-09-27 02:32

{{On 9/25/2020 at 1:03 AM, PPP said:

As a fan of the show, I have to say that the writing and characters were spot on. Well done!

}}

Thanks dude, that means a lot.

