Darker than black yin's desperate ride

Author: unknowed

*000*2013-07-11 05:25

Sorry if my grammar or such bothers you I have to right down everything I’m thinking because it all comes to me at once and I’m not the best at English

This is an omorashi story of yin from darker then black this takes place after Gemini of the meteor shard I would like to explain better but I don’t want to give spoilers so use your imagination

It was a hot day in japan and after running a few errand’s there previous days for their new organization Hei and yin were given vacation time. So Hei decided to go to the beach. After arriving Hei asked if she wanted something to drink. She looked at him and in a quiet voice said ok. So Hei got her a 32 oz. bottle of lemonade and told her that to make share to drank lots of fluids to not get dehydrated and if you need any more just ask and they put sunscreen on and sat on the beach in a nice shady spot with their lags in the water. She then open her drank and took a sip from it and then they held each other’s hands. After a bit Hei’s cellphone rang he picked it up listened to it closed it and said he had a quick errand to run so he got up and left. So she just sat there enjoying the beach after about an hour though she started to worry about Hei and what she was going to do so she got up and began to look for him with her now empty bottle of lemonade.

She went to the car to see if it was there it was and after that she recycled the bottle as she did she felt a cramp in her lower adimin and realized she needed to pee but without much time thinking she realized it was more important to find Hei so she left without going to the rest stop and began to look up and down the beach wondering what kind of errand he had. after a while she heard Hei say yin. There you are. She turn and seen Hei in a different uniform then she knew he had.

Hei then said quick change into these behind there where no one can see you and meet me at the other entrance of the beach. she simply nodded took the bag now trying to figure out what is going on so she quickly changed into a nice summer purple dress with thin straps and a long collar to stay cool and discreetly moved towards the back of the entrance when she felt a jolt of pain which reminded her see needed to pee but she decided that there was more important things to do so she just went to the car and got in. they then started on their unexpected trip. She then turned to Hei and said.

Yin: Hei. what’s going on

Hei paused for a second surprised that she asked he got back to his senses and said we’ve been compromised and we need to leave the area . . . um . Are you alright.

She thought about telling him she needed to pee but decided to not distract him and she could always pee when they got to where they were going so she set their and then Hei handed her a bottle of water.

Hei: hear I was away longer then I thought so hear is something to drink.

She thought about rather she should drink it and decided she needed to be hydrated for mental and physical performance just in case so she opened it and chugged it down. Hei at this moment felt a little bad for her for being left thirsty for so long. After about an hour she began feeling the need to pee constantly but being a dull made it not show very well and she didn’t want Hei to notice anything that could distract him about her problem because escaping is more important. After about a another hour it was getting bad at this point and Hei noticed her sweeting and fidgeting a little

Hei: Yin . are you alright are you hurt

Yin: no . I’m all right

Hei not so convinced by this

Hei: just tell me what wrong you look awful

Realizing that her plan is no longer working she decided to tell him

Yin: I need to pee

Hei: sorry I can’t stop here try to hold on a little longer ok

Yin: ok

She then graved herself pushing her dress in deep and crossed her lag’s and started to rock back and forth about a half hour later they got stuck in traffic and Hei looked and noticed her desperation

Hei: don’t worry were almost there

Yin: ok

Another half hour she was now leaned forward head on the dash shacking her face was sweeting and slightly red and the pain was getting to great that her emotionless purple eyes started to water Hei turned to check how she was and he just went silent for a second realizing how desperate she was Hei then said one second and took his seatbelt off opened his trunk up and as discreetly as possible got soothing out of it she would look to see what he was doing now but she wasn’t share she could move hai came back with an extra towel from their trip and said

Hei: stand up

She immediately knowing what that was for stood up as a sharp pain was follow by a short (what seemed to her as a loud) hiss sound she hoped that she didn’t mess Hei seat she looked and sean it was fine as the towel was being place she thought she was going to burst there Hei then said ok you can sit back down. so she did Hei then looked at her and said seeing the small wet spot where her hands were fighting with all there might in a losing battle

Hei: look we are safe hear there’s no bathrooms around so if . . if you want . . you can pee yourself . I mean you don’t have to if you think you can make it I’m all right ether way.

She was surprised by this so she thought about it and asked.

Yin: you . Don’t mind.

Hei: we can’t help that this is how things turned out and accidents happens no one will know ok and we have extra cloths so everything is find.

She then felt a little more leave and her wet spot grow a little more noticeable.

Yin: sorry.

Hei: it’s alright just go.

Hei’s smile was reassuring and kind

Yin: ok.

After a second to think about what she was about to do she loosened her hands and started to pee with a loud hissssssss sound. Hei face turned red as he was sitting next to his love totally socking herself. She felt the wet warmth sock her panties hit her hands which were too fatigued to move. She just sat there lean forward head on the dash as she peed herself. The warmth quickly spread to her bottom and up her front as she then seen a wet spot on the towel spread up between her lags and started to poor down the front seat. The relief was amazing and she even made a small sigh as it happen. Hei looking in disbelief and feeling bad for what she went throw she left a two big wet patches all over her dress socked the towel wet the seat and front and back of the flooring by the seat. after that she was still shacking from all the fatigue. Hei then took his jacket off and wrapped it around her and said it all right try to get some rest.

About an hour later they got to their destination and Hei got out of the car and opened the passenger door and ask if she would be able to walk. She simply in her quiet voice said no so Hei carried her feeling her damp dress on his arms carried her to their room. Luckily no one noticed because it was dark and anyone who did only fond it heartwarming that he was carrying his wife with her head rested on his solders to notice the stain’s. After words he helps her clean up and change into her nighty and put her in bed. The next day she woke up her arms hands and her privates where very sore and wet. She strained to move the covers and seen that she peed herself in bed. Hei walk in and seen the mess and she simply said sorry and hai just laughed and said what a trip and walk over and gave her a kiss.

Hei: it’s all right I help clean up

