Crisis of a genie in desperation

Author: Uroguy

*012*2023-03-12 18:35

The Fairy King soon found himself surrounded by fairy fighters, ready to fend off the monster attacks. Dran appeared to shoot breaths of fire upon the monsters. In fact, he squashed a few with his weight. Hordes of monsters began showing up in mass droves. The Fairy King advised the team to use their default weapons as they won't break down and disappear from wear and tear.

Their other weapons obtained from their time in dungeon levels can't be repaired without repair powder, which right now was hacked open by monsters at Gaffer's buggy of goods. Macho and Komacho did their best to fight off the monsters attacking Gaffer but it was just too much, until Dran stepped in laying waste to all the monsters there. "Where are all these monsters coming from? And some of them I don't recognize Fairy King." Toan asked.

"Don't worry. We are here and I will help you." The Fairy King said. The doors to Divine Beast Cave still glowed red and surrounded by a wall of dark cloud energies. It was sealed off due to the spell placed upon it. Who could that be? Was it connected to the dark cloud that surrounded Ruby? Speaking of which, she remained trapped walking for seemed like forever down that corridor. It didn't seem to end anywhere.

Ruby was beginning to feel exhausted and her need to go jumped to a significant pang and a stinging feeling. She had to go and it was going to get worse. Ruby did all she could to stave off the urge to drink water. For the past two hours, she had been walking through the darkness not finding a single end in sight, feeling hotter and sweatier as time went on. Her need to go jumped to mild desperation and it was only rising. She started drinking water more often as the temperature seemed to rise. She tried to ignore the urge to drink water but the heat was too much.

By now, she was started cracking her knuckles and fingers as a sign that she needed to find an exit and use the toilet. Ruby drank water constantly as she felt thirsty soon after drinking water. How was this possible for so much heat to accumulate and from where. She wasn't anywhere near a source internal heat beneath the ground. And she wasn't in the desert heat. So what was it? Ruby continued walking forward, keeping one hand against the wall to her left and moving in small strides. "What .. the heck .. is going on here? Why is it so hot?" she wondered.

"What was the plan, thirst me to death? mess with my head? what? I wish I knew what that vile peace of filth was up to." Ruby thought to herself. During this current hour, she kept on drinking water profusely. It was so instinctive and she wanted more, but she reclaimed her senses to realized that she might drink herself out of all the water available to her. Ruby went to check to find she still had the 4 water bottles left to her. Or at least she thought it was. Her eyesight was a little foggy but at times it was clear while moving around to blurry. During the times it was clear, she saw only 2 bottles remained, with one almost done in her right hand.

She had to be careful not to drink it all. Ruby kept walking for another 15 minutes through the darkness, feeling hopeless in her bid to find a way out, that is, until the hallway started to light up. It wasn't very bright but it wasn't dark. It was dimly lit due to torches burning a dull blue color. The corridor remained hot and dark, though not as much now. Ruby continued down the bend around the corner and down the corridor until she saw began to see vegetation and sand. The ceiling started to show wooden beams like those seen in Shipwreck dungeon, the vegetation from Wise Owl Forest, and the sand from the dessert lands.

She didn't understand if this was a trick or if this was the back floor areas for Divine Beast Cave. The description still remained as she was still inside a cave. But the environment seemed different now. Still no monsters either and no other persons in sight. But now she was becoming slightly more desperate as now she had to go and empty her bladder. But where was she to go. And who knows what might show up. She wasn't going to render herself a sitting target with her pants down. Ruby had to act fast and find a way out of this unknown dungeon, wherever it was.

....

Outside, Norune Village was still fighting for its survival. Toan, Goro, Xiao, Macho and Komacho, The Fairy King and his remaining defenders managed to stay hunkered down in Dran's windmill tower, along with the rest of the people. Alnet and Carl still remained in their homes. The monsters couldn't enter and gave up on attacking them. Of course, much of their home was ruined save for their bedroom at the hands of Chariots and their Captains. Old Gaffer was hit by a gooey mist by a curse rose and now moved slower than ever. Sadly, the team didn't have a gooey patch for relief and the fairy magic was used up fighting off the monsters. They only had so much left.

Toan didn't realize so many monsters could be in one place and so powerful. "Fairy King who's doing this?". "The Dark Genie is doing this as part of some effort to satisfy his master, a human man from the East. His is Colonel Flag. Men of the east are ambitious for power and use technology to crush their enemies, expand their kingdoms, and remain the sole dictator. Basically, it means they take over other people's homes and make the people their slaves to rule over with harsh laws to benefit themselves." Toan couldn't believe it. How evil some humans can be. But then he remembered what a certain individual mentioned.

This person from Queens Village mentioned how the men of the east are bloodsucking monsters who only care about conquering and taking over. So the word of the Fairy King confirmed this. "Was the Dark Genie created by these men of the east Fairy King?". "Yes, but not intentionally. I will explain later. We need to get these monsters out of here Toan."

"But how? Our weapons are almost out and you don't have much magic. Furthermore, we don't have enough repair powder.". Macho and Komacho were exhausted and Dran couldn't keep this up either. Luckily, Master Utan was there too as Treant warned him, but he too couldn't fight off all those monsters forever.

They just had to hold out for hope, which wasn't going to happen unless something changed. Toan had one more question. "Fairy King, do you know what happened to Ruby?"

"I was going to ask you the same thing Toan." Now Toan was worried big time. For all he knew, Ruby was dead or captured by the Dark Genie. Goro had a few more hits before his weapon went out of his possession from wearing out. Then, he would have his default weapon which would be useless against these monsters. These monsters were too strong for such a weapon still not leveled up to +2 and beyond. And some of these monsters weren't even from Divine Beast Cave, Wise Owl Forest, of Shipwrecked.

....

*013*2023-03-13 23:17

I hope you're all enjoying this story. This is going to be another long drawn out story for a huge build up before the flood. I am also brainstorming stories, such as about Susan Storm, a female car wash worker, and may be another story with Gwenndolinne or Xenobia. Perhaps, Germaphobe girl from Bursting School Day Bladders.

*014*2023-03-14 19:30

Ruby continued her journey towards wherever for the past 1 hour. She didn't know where she was or where she was going. It was still dark and every so many quarter miles was a blue-flamed torch. The torches were of course burning a dull flame and not very bright. It was bright enought to just see ahead. Ruby was officially desperate and hot, sweating a lot. Furthermore, she kept drinking water as the temperature went higher now. She walked awkwardly and briskly as she had to go.

As stated earlier, she wasn't going to relieve herself out here. And there was no telling who would find her, and when. She kept her legs close together, her hands clenched in a fist, trying not to hold herself, and trying not think about the issue down below. The path ahead continued to be a hybrid of Shipwreck, Wise Owl Forest, and desert cave surroundings. Ruby became tired and out of breath from all the heat, and walking. She stopped and squatted, leaning against a rock to catch her breath.

"Where am I, and how do I get out of here? Hopefully my friends are doing alright. (Panting) ....... oh I'm so thirsty. But I have to pee." Suddenly, a noise reverberated throughout the corridor ahead. It wasn't one she heard of before nor had she the slightest idesd what it could be. It was the sound of something scraping, sounding on and off, moving all around her. She looked everywhere to see nothing but darkness. She grabbed herself instinctively to prevent an accident.

A glowing aura of holy was generated in an attempt to ward off the possibly offending entity. "I'm dangerous. Stay back." Ruby warned. Again, the scraping noise sounded off as it seemed to move all around Ruby, as if something encircled her. But what? Ruby looked all over to see nothing. Then it stopped. For several seconds, nothing could be heard but the deafening silence so eerie it makes for a shiver up the spine.

Her shivering only worsened her need to go as her pee shimmied closer to the exit hole. The silence broke with the booming of a loud roar for which only terror and fear should be accompanying as the response. Red eyes appeared in the distance ahead, one or two followed by another, and another, and bat screeches too. Wings flapping and buzzing followed, loud footsteps striking the ground, and scraping continued. Ruby realized these were monsters for which their normal counterparts weren't as imposing and threatening.

Out of warning, the sand rose up as three protrusions like mountains, rising up to cover something or someone, the middle one grew dark impressions that took the shape of menacing eyes and a mouth, while the other two quickly took the shape of claws. It was a monster Ruby never saw before and quite off-putting as her guard wasn't up. It was a desert monster known as a Dune. It is usually seen in the Sun and Moon Temple. It was a monster that didn't seem to fit the description of anything Toan saw.

She couldn't understand this strange creature. The dune struck down Ruby as to knock her to the ground. Ruby put her palm forward to prevent herself from falling on her butt. She attacked back with a holy attack. But it proved to be of very little potency. The dune enveloped her as the monsters behind it kept approaching inch by inch. Ruby moved a little stiffly but still enough to try removing the sand off her. Brushing off the sand off didn't work as it just accumulated on her hands, her body, her legs, and now her face.

The dune receded closer to the ground as it began its horrid means of burying her under its weight. For a moment, the dune covered her entirely until lightning sparks emerged from within. It kept sparking until at last the dune disintegrated by a lightning attack. The sand exploded all over the place and from underneath came Ruby. Spitting out the sand, she quickly got up and began charging another attack with lightning element. She launched it at the monsters. It collided with a bunch of bats, which did cause them to fly a little low to the ground but undeterred.

She could see a cave bat, an evil bat, hornet, yammich, titans, and a few barons. The rest of the monsters weren't affected as much. These weren't just monsters that were stronger. But they were powered by something strong in the dark side. It was evident as the monsters glowed a purple color. Ruby recognized whose handywork this was. She realized that she needed to boost her powers in all the elements to face these foes. Otherwise it would take a lot of wear and tare on her weapon. Luckily, she has her repair powder on hand.

And she had her platinum ring, which she was going to use when her gold ring became gold ring level 5.

*015*2023-03-20 03:09

Ruby didn't bother to shoot a charged attack. She chose to shot a few rounds of lightning attack at the enemies approaching. Of course, her attacks fared far less than her charged attack. She chose to walk fast in the opposite direction and get to safety. Sadly, that meant going back through the dark corridor. Again, she would be feeling hot and of course, that meant possibly drinking more water.

All that fast walking caused more swishing and urgency to go. Ruby didn't have time to worry about that as her life was on the line and her means of escaping was still out of her reach. Ruby was becoming mildly desperate from all the water she dranl on top of all the water she drank throughout the day, the wine from dinner, water during her training, and now through his strange dungeon.

Ruby could feel it now, her bladder stung with a pang as it became more full. And her exit hole muscles filled up too. But what could she do. As she kept moving, she began to sweat more and more due to the heat. Before, she was just walking, but now she moved faster. She needed more water or else she would pass out. But more water meant more need to go. And she drank through all her bottles of water throughout today.

She would have run faster if it weren't for the heat and her need to go. But luckily she outran those monsters, which saw her and knew which way she was going. It wouldn't be long before they caught up to her.

...

Outside Divine Beast Cave, the situation became dire. The doors to the windmill weren't going to hold. It was 30 minutes of nothing but monsters banging on the doors and doing everything possible to keep them shut. But it was soon clear that they would eventually break through to kill them all. Alnet and Carl were still inside their home. So far the monsters didn't seem to notice them inside the closet yet.

But how long would that last? Toan, Xiao, and Renee made peace with each other, knowing they would die together. Renee thanked Toan and Xiao for being such a blessing and good children. Goro didn't have that, much Renee and the townspeople still thanked him for all he did. He wanted to go out with a bang, like his father Fudoh. Not surrendering like a coward was his way. The Fairy King and his remaining troops prepared for their deaths, hearing the banging growing worse and worse. Each bang was more violent and intense than before.

That kept going on for another 5 minutes unabated. Dran was overrun along with Master Utan by monsters. They weren't able to do anything. Suddenly, the last bang on the door was followed by silence. Silence followed by more silence, and so on. Toan and the others waited for their door in suspense. Suddenly, out of the blue, a loud noise flying overhead was heard followed by explosion noises all over.

The monsters groaned and panicked. One of them yelled "Let's get out of here!" in his own tongue. They began to scatter but to everyone inside the windmill, no one knew what was going on. Then, a voice could be heard from outside, calling out to Toan. "Toan, Toan it's me Theo from Brownboo Village. Open up. The monsters are dead. It's safe now to come out." Everyone inside thought it might be a trap but the Fairy King went to investigate. He teleported outside to see who it was that was outside.

For several minutes, there was silence and suspense. Then, the Fairy King came back and informed them it was Theo and it was safe to come outside. Toan and the villagers were relieved and confused. They came outside to see their homes in ruin but the invaders gone. They couldn't believe it. Theo explained they called upon Osmond and his crew from the Moon to help them.

Toan thanked Theo and his moon people friends immensely. But the magic surrounding the entrance to Divine Beast Cave still persisted. Dran and Master Utan also saw it but could do nothing, as they didn't know magic spells to conjure. Master Utan left to protect the Matataki Village, Wise Owl Forest and Brownboo Village, along with Goro.

Toan made sure everyone was still alive and well. He even checked on Alnet and Carl who were thankfully still alive. But now, came rebuilding Norune Village, followed by searching for Ruby.

*016*2023-03-20 16:39

I know this story is taking awhile. But for this story, I want to show a progression to becoming bursting, being bursting, possible leaking, and eventually the big climax of the flood. I had to set up everything that came before this. I understand if no one wants to comment after the story is done. At least if read, that's all that matters to me. Back to the story:

Ruby walked backwards for awhile before stopping. She was tired and exhausted from the heat. It was an hour's worth of walking through the corridor and now she was severely desperate. Along the way, she fought off cave bats and hornets with lightning elemental attacks. Of course, since they were very strong, she repaired her weapon too with repair powder.

She gained experience points via the red magical droppings from the deaths of the bats and hornets. This brought her weapon to gold ring +5, and she could now turn this into a synth sphere, which she could attach to her platinum ring. She already turned her platinum ring into a +1, and already more powerful an armband than her gold ring.

Now as an attachment, she could use this as an upgrade for her platinum ring. But the only issue was the life points for her platinum ring. It had less than what was accumulated with her gold ring. She would have to be careful with how many times she repaired it. Unlike her default weapon, this one disappears if broke completely from wear and tare. Her gold ring was back to being just gold ring. It wasn't upgraded.

The platinum ring could easily be morphed into a new armband weapon. Default weapons can't be upgraded by evolving into a completely new armband wepon of higher caliber but nondefaukt weapons could. But each time she attacked, it was a slightly weaker attack. The reason was her focus. It shifted slowly and instinctively towards her need for relief. Her bladder was filling up and more, sending more if towards her urethra exit hole.

She now stood hunched forward and trying not wedge her hands between her thighs in her crotch. But it was apparent now that was becoming too difficult. She had to go and badly. Her desperation was now severe and only going higher. But she couldn't just stop to pull down her harem pants with all the dangers lurking abound in this strange dungeon area. And where were all the monsters coming from?

It was as if they were being teleported and powered by dark forces. But she knew a dark side wielder with that kind of power of space and time. "It has to be him." Ruby thought. "May be he is the one melding the dungeon areas together to make this weird dungeon area to throw me off balance and taking monsters from different areas over here. But the heat? What's that for ..... (gasp) the Sun and Moon Temple. It's in the middle of the desert. So some of these creatures might be on the desert."

Ruby scissored her legs passed each other trying to lessen the urge to go. She didn't want to wet herself either and keep moving. But she also needed a source of water. She was thirsty again and if she didn't drink more water, she would be in serious trouble with her health. She was a genie but even genies need water. But where she going to get more water? There wasn't an oasis anywhere as far as she could see.

Ruby remembered there being a right and left turn when the doors opened to the next floor. And the part of the corridor ahead of her where she first encountered that dune creature. But that led to dangerous monsters, and the entrance towards this floor wasn't nearby either. It would take her another hour + to get back there. And right now, she was exhausted, plus fighting a wave of desperation urge to go. Her urethra was filling up, paining it via expansion. The pressure against it made it more taught along with her contracting it to hold it all inside.

Ruby again squatted to deal with the urge to go. She didn't want to wet herself but she had to find a way out of here. Or a place of immense privacy.

*017*2023-03-21 15:43

Ruby groaned as the urge persisted, her exit hole throbbed from contracting her exit hole. The churning pain continued to radiate from within and cause discomfort. Ruby had to find her way out here and fast. She didn't plan on staying here and longer and why should she? This was nothing more than a perversion of space and time to isolate her from the team.

Or was this a stupid trial? Either way it was was time to leave. Ruby was done with this place. She was done being messed with. But she could feel the instinctive need to release her pent up pressure within her bladder and urethra. If she didn't, it would be horrible flood for which she would have to endure. Ruby was a genie of great power and of great standing as King's wife. She wasn't going to allow herself to flood her pants.

She got up slowly and began moving again. However, this time she heard scraping along the ground. She stopped and looked down only to see her feet surrounded by sand. Her heart sank, filled with dread from the last encounter by a previous dune. It was slowly covering her shoes as it surrounded her feet, trying to engulf her like quick sand when you step into it. She wasn't going to let that happen again.

She jumped up to hover, and float towards the roof of the corridor. Once high enough to be out of reach, she generated a bolt of lightning, and launched it at the dune. The dune disintegrated, then reintegrated together. "Darn. This dune is stronger than the one I faced earlier. I'd better get rid of it." Ruby said. But again she was reminded by her need to go. She groaned as she kept her arms and legs close to herself.

She really had to go badly, and as time passes, the urgency grows more intense. She had to do something fast. The dune remained stationary as it waited for its prey to descend into its sand clutches. Ruby scissored her legs while in a fetal position, desperately trying to prevent a flood. Ruby had to fight off this foes and fast without wasting life points for her weapon. Then, out of the blue screeching accompanied from the darkness. Ruby turned to look behind her, immediately seeing a cave bat flying directly at her. It surrounded and harried her from every direction.

She flung her hands to show it away, but again she grabbed her crotch to prevent an accident. She had to find a place to go and fast, or else. Ruby's position is midair was starting to dwindle as she hovered up and down, trying to stay afloat but wanting to get away from the bat. The dune waited as it was only a matter of time. The bat kept flying around Ruby, looking for a place to inject its poison via a bite.

Ruby wearily put out her hand and went to generate lightning. But it didn't show much in the way of being threatening. Her focus was thinned by her need to survive but also by the signals from her urethra to take a leak. But then it occurred to her she had other items on hand. She took out a bomb nut and threw it at the dune. The dune looked perplexed for 3 seconds before it exploded to its death.

Ruby took out a gooey patch and, at the right time put it into the bats mouth. The bat, trying to bite her hands, ended up with a gooey mouth as it started to make the bat move slower and feel as though it was stuck in a gooey patch. The bat couldn't spit out the patch and couldn't bite Ruby. The bat eventually fell down, squirming like a bug thats been swatted but not killed and landing on its backside.

Ruby hovered back down and met with more bats, hornets, and an incoming sprint by a dasher. Ruby immediately attacked back with a lightning attack that caused damage but didn't stop the momentum of the dasher. She ended being pushed backwards, falling on her butt. She stiffened her body as she tried to prevent an accident, even so much as a spurt.

But that added to her urge. She quickly generated an attack again and took out the bats, hornets and the dasher. Her weapon too more ware and tear, but she still had repair powder. But she had to use it asap. She carefully got up and went in the direction opposite of the one where the monsters kept coming from. Ruby felt it was time to leave and get to the entrance doors to this dungeon. She knew that once at the next dungeon the doors close. But perhaps she could find a way to open it.

Or perhaps, find an exit. May be she should have taken the left turn after walking through those doors to this floor. But that was still far away. And she still felt thirsty. She needed water to replenish the water she sweated out. If she kept her eyes open, looked for other passages, she might find a treasure chest, one possibly with a water bottle. The heat was unbearable.

Ruby continued her long journey towards the entrance doors, despite the heat and the growing need to go. She walked as quickly as possible, despite her growing need to go, and her need for more water. Ruby felt each and every slosh and swish of her golden liquid, feeling it accumulate near the exit hole. Ruby could feel the urgency of her need to go so badly, and it's increasing intensity. Ruby occasionally stopped to pee dance and at times, squat to hold it. She knew the monsters were right behind her so she had to keep moving.

For a while, there were torches before there was pitch black darkness. And who knows what might rear its ugly head. As much as Ruby didn't want to know, but she didn't want more surprises. Using her repair powder, she proceeded to heal her weapon before generating fire element for lighting the way. Ruby could see nothing for a long while. It wasn't going to be for another few hours before she got to the entrance doors to this warped floor.

..

Outside, it was dawn and most of the rubble was cleaned up. The Fairy King finally recharged most of his magic, healed the towns people, and left to go check on other villages already rebuilt, as well as Yellow Drops on the Moon. Toan and his friends stayed behind to help rebuild Norune Village. Dran seemed nervous about what was stirring inside his home. Toan couldn't help but wonder if Ruby was alright. At times, he stared at the door to Dran's cave, but he had to help the villagers of his home.

Goro saw his home still intact. And after visiting Queens, Goro deduced that since Quees was alright, perhaps this was merely an attack against them. Perhaps, it was a message sent against Toan for other villages to not get the wrong idea. The Dark Genie was out there, ready for more onslaught whenever and wherever. This wasn't good! And this attack nearly destroyed everyone like last time. Even if the Fairy King put everyone and everything into atla spheres, it would be too dangerous to put inside Divine Beast Cave.

Luckily, the Fairy King showed up this time. But next time could be different. By breakfast time and the calling of the rooster, the villagers were back on their feet. They thanked Toan for all the help, as well as giving thanks for the Fairy King, Dran, Master Utan, and the moon people. Toan wanted to help mote but his mother told him it was better they retrieve Ruby from harmsway, continue their quest to stop the Dark Genie, and save the world.

"It doesn't help to stay here watching guard while another attack happens. You'll just have to rebuild this village again. But it doesn't stop the problem." Renee said. Toan asked back "What if he attacks while I'm on the journey to destroy the Dark Genie?". Renee replied "You could never fail us. I love you and I'm proud of you. Now go. Don't return until you destroy the Genie of evil or if you need to see Dran! Go and find Ruby too!". Toan nodded in understanding. He left with Xiao, and Goro returned. They met up with Dran to figure out a way to get inside the cave.

"I don't see anyway inside the cave. My entrance is also blocked too. I wish the Fairy King or moon people had some magic to help us." Dran said. He didn’t feel confident about resolving this matter. He didnt know magic spells. But the Fairy King returned. "I have regained some of my power but not enough. Luckily, I have brought a few genies with me. (This part is not real. It never happened in the game.) One of them was a female named Tulip, while the other was male genie named Sapphire. The male was the older brother to Ruby.

"I hear my sister was trapped inside this cave. And you let this happen?". Sapphire asked. He spoke with authority and power. Toan felt a little nervous about knowing who he was. Toan knew Ruby had a temper and her brother seemed more imposing than Ruby.

*018*2023-03-25 02:03

Toan understood what this male genie had just said. This was the sibling to Ruby, which as far as he could tell, was a fully fledged genie. He spoke with tact and caution so as not to anger this genie. "Ruby is your sister, and a newly acquired ally against the Dark Genie. I would never abandon anyone. But she chose to help us fight against the darkness to the east. Ruby is talented and very capable no doubt. I offered to go inside the cave with her but she chose to do it alone. I respected her choice."

Sapphire looked on intently, listening to what the human boy spoke, and of course the words chosen very carefully. "My village was celebrating being alive and well ever since it was attacked by the Dark Genie and Ruby ate with us, then went back inside the cave to finish fighting. When she is determined to do something there is no stopping her. She left while the celebration was going on when we're attacked by a horde of monsters. Dark magic was used and is still currently used to seal off the exit from anyone outside or inside the cave."

Sapphire looked at the doors to see a red glowing. He could tell powerful magic was used here. He looked back at Toan and replied. "I understand my sister has a strong sense of doing things alone but this isn't good. Your village looks ransacked and clearly there are dead monsters strewn about. But still yoy should have ............... okay you're Tulip. Let's get those doors opened. My sister's life is more important than arguing and blaming." He came to the ground with Tulip, turned towards the doors to Divine Beast Cave, and walked to them. Once at the doors, they with the Fairy King began chanting spells to remove the magic of the Dark Genie.

It wouldn't be so easy but they had to try. The Fairy King knew it wouldn't be possible by himself. Toan and his friends looked on with patience and yearning to see their friend come back. They did miss Ruby and cared about her. She was tough and no nonsense despite being beautiful and physically appealing. And she did her own work, not like some women who look pretty while doing nothing. And she was fierce and courageous, and let nothing stand in her way. She had heart and soul! But would that help in her current predicament?

.......

Deep inside the cave, things weren't looking better. Ruby spent the next several hours trying to stay awake and push throught the heat to get back to the starting point for this dungeon floor. Every so often a bat approached or a chest lay there, so strange a chest was there. It wasn't there before. And as usual it was a mimic monster, masquerading as a treasure chest. Wasting magic was bad but in case she couldn't use magic she needed items for her protection. She saved using her items and used magic.

Focusing on magic use was hard enough with an intense need to go that only rose to higher intensity. Ruby kept her legs tightly pressed together, walking slowly than before and only taking quick small strides. Sometimes, she had to stop and squat to lessen the urge or bob up and down with her legs double crossed. She couldn't do this as monsters could appear anywhere, anytime, and anyplace. And the ones from earlier and behind were slow moving but still saw her. They might still be on the move.

Now though, Ruby was bursting. Her urge was an incessant wave of desperation, constant and painful. Her bladder kept expanding, dumping more water into her poor tiny exit hole. It strained to construct while trying to hold back the growing weight of her liquid gold as it put more undo pressure on it. It churned and felt as if it was churning inside out. Nothing would help more than being able to empty her bladder. "I wish I was out of this place and back at Toan's house or my house in Queens."

Suddenly, she heard a rumbling noise from behind her in the distance. She turned to see only the darkness pervading the corridor behind her. She felt the rumbling approaching her, heard it growing ever more loud. Ruby kept walking forward as fast she could while trying not to have an accident. But each step she took was insufficient as her instincts screamed louder. At last, the sound heard from behind was so close she couldn't resist her instinctive urge.

Ruby jumped and hovered midair, allowing the rumbling to pass by her. When lighting the way, she saw it was not one, not two, not three but four rockanoffs. They rolled in ready to run her over, or bite her. These moving boulders almost flattened Ruby to a pancake. Luckily, she jumped out of the way in time and now in the prime position to attack to kill. But her need to go was too strong of an urge. She just couldn't bring herself to stay afloat. Ruby found herself slowly descending. One of the rockanoffs took a ready-to-sprint stance to attack her.

Ruby, whimpered as she tried to fight off her wave if desperation. If she didn't get control of the situation she was done for. She had to will herself to stay afloat in the air for her safety. She inhaled much air and began focusing on herself staying outside the reach of these monsters. Since they couldn't fly or jump, it was imperative she stay at least two feet above the ground. Ruby still descending managed to kick the nearest rockanoff in his right eye. It squealed in pain as it closed the eyelids.

The other rockanoffs didn't imaging that someone would do that. With great offense, they began glowing purple and their eyes turned a red color. Ruby knew that meant trouble. She managed to stay a foot off the ground and cause herself to ascend again. The other rockanoffs tried to attack her but it was no use. She was just too high for their reach. Ruby curled into a ball trying to hold back her gold liquid that was about to explode out of her. She carefully refocused on her urethra and contracted it again, which only caused her more pain.

Ruby was so very badly bursting and the threat of attack so near. She managed to charge her attack and strike them causing some damage. It wasn't enough and her platinum weapon, took some damage. It wasn't enough to repair it yet, but she had to be careful. She charged another ball of lightning to attack and get rid of the threats completely. The rockanoffs knew better than to stay stationary and move back. Just as she was about to attack, Ruby stopped and re-grabbed her crotch. Her wave of desperation surged again, this time it was twice as strong. She couldn't hold it back so easily as before.

The rockanoffs stood their waiting for their enemy to lower herself and be within reach for attacking. Ruby whimpered again as her need to go was becoming a nuisance. She had enough and generated an attack strong enough and launched it at the rockanoffs. They withered to nothingness, clearing the way for Ruby to come back down. But her monster troubles weren't over. A growling noise could be heard from behind. She turned around to see a dragon slowly moving towards her. Ruby got up, moving away from the threats that came.

Sadly the cave bats caught up and began harassing her. Flying from all directions, they squeaked and flapped all around her. She swatted and shewed them but to no avail. Eventually, one of them latched onto her arm and bit her. She cried out in pain as the bat began inserting its poison into. The other bats began biting her. Ruby came to the ground, one hand grabbing her crotch and wincing in pain as she tried to not have an accident.

Ruby sat there on her folded legs hunched over and trying to shew away the bats. For 30 seconds, she remained like this crying at the bats to get off. But the one bat still held on with its fangs. Eventually, Ruby managed to pull herself together, repaired her weapon, and charged a lightning attack that grew and grew, zapping all the bats and killing them. She grabbed her right hand that bled and oozed out poison too. She drank an antidote to cure her of the bat poison and kept going. She was going blind from the lack of water and exhaustion.

*019*2023-03-26 23:26

If she didn't find a source of water and a place to hide or escape, it would be all over.

...

"This spell is very advanced dark magic, even for me." Sapphire mentioned. "Even I can't open it!" Tulip said. The Fairy King continued meditation to help these two genies to open the door. They had to find Ruby and fast. Her life was of great importance in the fight against the Dark Genie. Toan and his friends looked on with worry and angst. None of their weapons penetrated the spell cast over the door nor was it weakened.

To them, Ruby was either hurt or in serious danger. They hoped she was okay. Neither genie nor the Fairy King gave up trying to open the door to Dran's home. They had to find a way. Even some of the villagers from Brownboo Village tried to perform their magic but to no avail. Sapphire felt overcome with emotions and anxiety, turning towards Toan with focus. "You did this and now she's stuck inside some cave. If only you went with her none of this would have happened."

Tian looked on with worry and frustration. But he wasn't willing to cede over to shame and guilt. As much as he could understand, he wasn't willing to descend into depression. After several hours, and of course attacking the magical spell, the means by which they could enter through started becoming more available. The red barrier was becoming less potent and more transparent. With a few more tries, they managed to break down the barrier. Toan, Xiao, Goro, Sapphire and Tulip, and Komacho marched onwards to find Ruby.

Once inside, they began searching through the first few dungeons. Since there was no way to know which dungeons Ruby went through, they had to try each one. And they knew the dungeon lay out was different each time. (That is part of the game itself!"). As for the Fairy King, he helped Dran by removing the barrier upon his exit from the cave. Then, he had to depart to recharge his magic. Plus, he had to make sure headquarters still existed. (Again, not what happened!) The first few levels were easy for all of them, even Komacho. Komacho always used his fists like Macho and Wilder.

What was strange was the lack of monsters to fight. It seemed they moved from one dungeon to another. But they don't know how to use the key to exit. Or do they? But how did they all do it? None of it seemed to make sense as they perused each room and corridor. They expected to find more monsters than this but instead found thr place less populated. Something displaced them or they found a reason to leave. Could it have been the invasion force that wrecked Norune Village or were there more still to come?

Xiao stsrted complaining about her feet and yawning. "(Yawn) .... I'm tired. Hmmmmm!" Xiao said as she curled up into a ball. Toan gave her escape powder and let her go back outside. Toan did try her wakeup due to the urgency and it wouldn't look good. But it was decided to let her go. They didnt have time for this and convinced him to do it.

...

Deep inside the cave, and within the twisted netherworld, Ruby sweat like crazy. Her vision was blurred more often. She needed water and fast. Not only that, she needed water. She fought off bats popping up right and left. A few bats bit her but she managed to fend them off all while holding herself. She panted from the effort and exhaustion. At some point, there weren't any monsters for the rest of her journey as she approached the entrance to this floor. Ruby kept her hands wedged between her legs, walking with her legs pressed together, scissoring walking too. Each step she took was torture on her bladder as her golden liquid swisher and sloshed. The feeling was so uncomfortable, especially at the exit hole. She wished to unleash it here and now. But she had to keep going.

She remembered the gourds she had which only extended her thirst meter. But it didn't quench it. She remembered one of the villagers giving her a small cantina of wine and what it does to her. But at the moment she needed fluids in her body. She drank it little by little during the hiatus in fighting monsters. She had to do this to stay awake. It temporarily helped her to stay awake and she could hold her liquor. But it would affect her bladder. She needed water, and fast. At least she had water bottles.

*020*2023-04-01 15:21

After some time, Ruby finally made it back to the origin point. She managed to get to the doors leading into the floor. She could see the cave corridor protrude outwards towards her left and the corridor kept going. This was it and she knew it. Each step she took was painfully teasing for her, as the possible exit was right around the corner yet so close and still several feet away. She whimpered and groaned, wincing with a worried look on her face as she pushed herself to keep going. She hoped there weren't any bats or other monsters lurking around.

Halfway there, she stopped in her tracks, standing very stiffly. She felt an urge so powerful, she might go right now. Her throbbing exit hole churned and pained an unnatural pain signal that racked her brain. It quivered ready to buckle from the pressure placed upon it by all that liquid. She needed a release and now as she didn't find it possible to fight very well, not even average.

Just as Ruby began taking another step, she stopped again. But this time, she wasn't stopping to hold herself and fight a wave of desperation. It was because a yammich and a ghost appeared. One of them stared at the wall ahead of them, but the other one ... turned right to see down the corridor with Ruby in its sight. Ruby weakly switched the primary element of her weapon to holy and began trying to charge it. But it was too weak and she couldn't bring herself to make it more powerful.

Ruby tried again but to no avail. She had to do something or else the monster would kill her. And she didn't have escape powder either. She was powerless to get away. She had to do something. But what? The ghost approached ever closer, slow and menacing while Ruby stood hunched. It's eyes glowing red and it's body emitting a purple cloud of darkness. It had found its primary target of whom to kill. The Yammich was still unaware at the moment. The ghost was two feet away when it groaned a noise to the yammich.

The yammich didn't seem to notice while staring at the wall. The ghost groaned again but the same thing happened. The yammich didn't seem to notice. The ghost turned back to Ruby and met with a painful dousing of holy water which only caused it to shriek until it died. The shrieking occurred for about 20 seconds which reverberated in both directions. The yammich did take notice and began moving towards Ruby with focus and purpose to kill.

*021*2023-04-01 23:10

Just before the yammich could get closer, a growling noise blasted through the corridor. It came from behind Ruby as it made its way. There were several red eyes laser focused on Ruby. The growling was accompanied by an emergence of a swirling fire ball that dissipated a few feet away from Ruby. The dragon was still too far away. The yammich, not even turning its right hand into a cork screw like shape, was doused with holy water. And in its central eye too. It shrieked with pain as Ruby quickly got away.

She moved with small fast steps, her hands wedged between her legs, and panting hard. She wanted to let it all out but she just couldn't wet herself here. The monsters from behind continued their pursuit, with the hornet monster increasing its speed. Hornets always moved faster than the rest of the monster pack. Ruby moved as fast as she could without causing a spurt or full-on leakage. Ruby was determined to survive dry and clean.

But the hornet was hot on her trail and catching up. The buzzing noise made by it wings slowly but steadily grew louder. Ruby knew she had to take it out befofe she was stabbed. She turned around only to see the hornet about 4 feet away, flying overhead as it prepared to inject its poison. She stepped back as the hornet went in for the kill. It missed Ruby by a foot, but attempted another fly upwards before coming downwards hornet stinger first. But Ruby managed to blind it with a holy attack. It was enough to cause it to see things in a blurred manner, come down to the ground, and close its eyes in teary pain.

The other monsters kept moving at their slow pace. They couldn't increase their speed nor their strides. Ruby continued down the corridor, passing torch after torch, moving as fast a she could. Simultaneously, she chose to switch to lightning element should the hornet catch up. Just as she came to the doors, her heart sank, her body stood still, almost allowing even a drop to escape her. The doors didn't seem to exist. It was as if it was replaced with more cave walls. She had to fight and kill all the monsters to survive, and find the key to the exit doors.

Ruby kept on going, but moving in slower and awkwardly. She had to go so badly. Her urge more intense and not subsiding. It wouldn't go away no matter how many times she contracted her tortured urethra. It couldn't go further. And her body still sweating like crazy, her vision blurring. Ruby had to find a source of water. But she heard a buzzing noise approaching from behind. She turned around, only to see a stinger coming at her. She moved backwards, being 5 inches away from where the stinger made its jab.

Ruby had enough, conjured a ball of lightning and destroyed the hornet with a charged attack. But she had to be careful not to exhaust too much on her platinum ring + 5. She didn't want to lose it. She continued down the corridor, not looking back and not stopping. For the next 15 minutes, she willed her exhausted body to keep moving until she found a way out, or a source of water. A few times she stopped to deal with her wave of desperation. The fifth time she stopped, she took 1 minute to squat down, preventing an accident. The urge was so strong and now constant, nothing she did could relieve her of this pain. "Mmmmmmfff .. mmmmmff mmff ... oh I have to pee so badly. I can't hold it much longer. If I get up I'll wet myself here and now. But if I don't move, they'll kill me. I wish I was home."

Ruby slowly got up, moved one foot at a time, and kept moving. After another 10 agonizing minutes, she could feel the heat subsiding and cool air blowing by. She heard what sounded like running water and came to a room.

....

Back in dungeon floor 5, Toan and the gang continued their search for Ruby, and kicking butt just cause. But they didn't see as many enemies either. Again, they found the cave a ghost dungeon. Even Dran, who once came inside, also found nothing. He didn't see many monsters nor Ruby. Toan and the others called out to Ruby but to no avail. She wasn't here nor outside in Norune Village. "Ruby can you hear me?" Toan called out. But no one replied save for some monsters. Sapphire called out for his sister.

"Ruby it's me your older brother, and your friend Tulip. Please call out." The party kept searching for Ruby, while fighting monsters. Even Dran, using secret passages, didn't find Ruby. That is until he saw the doors to the floor 9. Dran noticed the doors glowing a purple color with black smoke emanating from the purple glow. Dran approached it carefully with a rock, touching it against the glow. But the rock was repelled backwards. Dran realized this was the work of the evil that got him.

Dran checked out floor 8, seeing everything was normal. It was only floor 9 that seemed the problem. Even the entrance way to floor 10 from floor 9 was perfect, and the doors to exit floor 9 weren't any different to the doors to enter it. He realized the problem and decided to warn Toan. Now it was narrowed down to one particular floor. He sped off via flight to find Toan. He checked each floor until floor 6. He flew around searching each room until he went down the same corridor Toan and company walked.

Toan stopped, ever glad to see Dran. "Dran, what have you found?". "Toan, I know where Ruby is. It's floor 9 of my cave. The entrance and exit doors to this floor are laced with dark magic. It's the work of the dark one." Dran have the key to exit the floor and they headed off to the floor 9 entrance doors via Dran's secret passageways. There they saw magic on the doors, working on it to open the doors. They could feel the heat emanating from within the floor. Nothing mattered more than finding Ruby.

Outside the cave, the Fairy King placed his troops within Norune, Matataki, and Queens. Toan worked hard to rebuild them, not to see it wiped out again. He figured the darkness knew what was going on and might launch another counter strike. He telepathically communicated with Master Utan and Treant to stay alert, warning Brownboo Village to stay hidden. Rando, worrying about La Saia got a bad feeling about Toan and his friends. When speaking to the subordinates of the Fairy King, he became enraged. "That Colonel. Bloodsucking parasite! Damn him!" He said.

Rando and Queens both became on guard. Rando chose to go to Norune Village.

...

Edited April 2, 2023 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*022*2023-04-02 17:22

Back in Norune Village, the Fairy King kept his meditations going, keeping this village protected as best as possible from the east. Storm clouds continue to gather and grow more ominous, engulfing the eastern lands. "Toan and his friends must defeat the Dark Genie to save the world. Seda is still spying on his castle, watching the decay of his once mighty kingdom. And now Toan looks for his genie friend, someone who is most valuable in power and courage against the darkness." He thought. He pondered if Toan and his friends really could succeed.

.....

Ruby found herself in this room, checking out the area. There was a small oasis with running water. From where, it wasn't known, but she was relieved. Not only that, but there were treasure chests too, especially one huge chest. Ruby still had to go ever so massively, still not willing to lower her pants down to take a piss. But her whole body was winning that war in her mind. Her mind was flooded with mass droves of endless tides of messages to empty her bladder.

But she also saw the exit door. Ruby was relieved to see that. But she also saw a divide that separated the room into two parts. And she could see two yammich, one opal, and she heard the foot steps of more monsters on the other side of the divide. The exit doors were up ahead, next to the oasis. But the oasis was guarded by two yammich (as mentioned), and one statue dog at the center between the two.

Ruby didn't want to attract attention as they were conversing with a ghost. But she was out in the open. She carefully squatted down to deal with her urge to go. She had to go and ever so badly. She looked up with a worried pleading look in her eyes. She bent her lower lip inwards and between her teeth. Her urge to go didn't subside and only got worse. Her exit hole quivered, ready to buckle at any moment. She just couldn't do this. It was torture.

But she was in no position to fight. Suddenly, a rockanoff rolled in, looked around and saw Ruby. Her eyes widened as she stared back. The rockanoff roared back, alerting everyone she was in the room. The yammich, stature dog, the monsters near the divide, and those from behind all caught up. Ruby couldn't even stand, feeling that pressure about to overwhelm her.

Without a second to waste, the rockanoff began barreling towards Ruby. Ruby immediately jumped up, but not high enough. The rockanoff managed to catch her foot its mouth, biting hard as she felt yanked downwards by the offending rock monster. She whimpered in pain, yanking back to get free. But the rockanoff wouldn't let her go. It rolled backwards, taking Ruby with it. She landed on her butt, causing her to nearly loosen her control. But a second later, a small drop jetted through to the surface. But her outer lips covered it.

She tightened the exit hole and in panic. It added to her desperation, and immobilized her too. She didn't want to move but she didn't want to get killed. She extended her arm out, only to be bitten by the statue dog. "Get off me get off!" She cried. Her same foot was bitten again by the rockanoff, and she found herself being attacked by the yammich too.

They mauled her from all sides. Even the dashers, though not able to get a good hit, got a few glancing whacks at her with their mallets. Ruby curled up into a ball trying to hold it while squirming. She screamed for them to stop but they didn't. After 30 seconds, a roar echoed followed by an explosion. It was the fire breathing dragon, and it wasn't happy that the other monsters were getting their whacks while leaving nothing for it.

The explosion brought up dust and rock into a plumb of smoke. Ruby remained curled into a ball to protect herself. She squirmed in her position due to her need to go.

Edited April 7, 2023 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*023*2023-04-02 18:08

The dragon kept fire breathing at Ruby and the other monsters. The plumb of smoke kept growing bigger and bigger, the monsters facing oblivion, and Ruby still curled up into a ball. After another 10 seconds, the dragon stopped. Ruby remained quiet for the moment while softly moaning from her bursting to go. The fire breathing dragon kept approaching at usual slow speed to see if it's prey was killed or still alive.

The smoke plumb slowly dissipated until only Ruby was visible to it. The dragon wasn't too thrilled she was alive but it wasn't about to give up. Suddenly, a couple of rockanoffs and dashers showed up. They saw Ruby and the dragon ready to kill her. The dragon inhaled, then exhaled its puff of fire. Ruby rolled over to her right, allowing the fire ball to land a direct blow upon the rockanoffs and dashers. Since this blast was a big one, it hit the ground, producing a wave of energy that knocked them backwards.

The monsters took some damage, while Ruby stopped rolling away. She held her crotch again, keeping her body stiff from moving. One of the dashers got up to its feet and approached the dragon, who was breathing heavily from all the fire breathing. The dasher whacked the dragon which led to a fight between the dragon and the other monsters. Another dragon, a blue dragon, came marching slowly, seeingnone of its fellow dragons in trouble, began breathing ice attacks. The ice attacks struck the monsters. Only the statue dog and one yammich approaches Ruby with an intent to harm.

Ruby had to get away and recoup. Plus, she needed water. She took out a bomb, kept it hidden, until the right moment. The dragons kept fighting with the other monsters, unaware of Ruby. "What's the big idea of attacking us?" Asked one of the monsters. The dragon replied "It's not my fault you got in the way.". Once the yammich and statue dog were right above Ruby, she began the chain reaction to start the bomb going, threw it at them, and rolled away as fast as possible. Just before they exploded, she got to her feet and ran. The monsters behind her exploded to their deaths and no longer bothered Ruby or anyone again.

Meanwhile, outside the doors leading to the same floor as Ruby, the gang tried to see if the doors would open. Sapphire and Tulip could tell the doors were warped due to altering and bending the fabric or reality. But they didn't give up despite the heat. Toan and the others drank a little bit of water to stay hydrated. It didn't help if they all past out. Komacho, Toan, Goro had their wits about them and if they were to fight monsters they didn't have experience facing. But they were ready to kick butt anyway. They had to for Ruby's sake.

The genies performed their meditations, spells, and using magic-based attacks. Nothing worked so far but they had to keep trying. After about 20 minutes more, they managed to get past the magic over the door and open it. They looked on with awe as they saw the corridor in both directions, and a bunch of rockanoffs. Sapphire gestured his right hand into a fist, pointed it at the monsters, and obliterated them. Sapphire walked out into the corridor, looking both ways, deciding which way to go.

On the right was a darkness that stretched for who knows how long, and the same on the other. (Of course we know but they don't). Sapphire could feel the heat and terrible air here. He wasn't deterred but watched his water levels. He was so focused on Ruby he didn't care about the heat. Toan was just as determined to fight and search for Ruby. They had to decide which way to go. Sapphire and Toan both looked in the opposite direction and the other way, then chose their respective directions.

Sapphire wasn't about to take direction from the boy who let his sister possibly die. "I know my sister better than you do. She always turns right." Toan replied back. "I am not here to argue with you. I see tracks left by her foot prints. It clearly goes right left.". Goro agreed as he learned how to track via hunting. But Sapphire had enough. "Don't pretend to know my sister. It was trusting you people that got her in this position. If I have to go right myself so be it." Tulip intervened to put an end to the fighting. "We must not argue with these mortals. We know Ruby and they are her friends. We should work together.". But Sapphire wasn't having any of it.

Suddenly, one rockanoff and one dasher showed up. They looked bruised and beaten. They came from the left direction and possibly a skirmish. (I wonder what that could have been!). They saw the group of humans and genies, feeling every ready to leave. But Sapphire wasn't going to let them go. He destroyed them and gloated about his decision. "I told you. There are monsters that way, but going right. May be now you'll listen to me." He proceeded right along with everyone else. Goro and Toan felt he was wrong though but he was the one in charge for now.

....

Rando kept traveling to Norune Village from Queens. He couldn't stand by while his friends were in danger. Especially the boss' wife Ruby. He cursed Colonel Flag. He hated the easterners for their greed and lust for power. Of course he knew of peaceful people there but the ones who caused issues made his blood boil. "I hope you're all well guys. La Saia, just wait a little longer for me. I will see you soon." He thought.

Meanwhile, back at Renee's house. She rebuilt the village along with the other villagers, worried and proud of her son. She felt worried for Ruby as she was one of Toan's friends. And of course Xiao needed her rest. The mayor of Brownboo Village still didn't have much in the way of finding any ancient manuscripts for magic like their ancestors. Matataki Village was on high alert as was Queens. Over to the east, the sun shone but not in areas covered by dark clouds and lightning. Some parts of the earth also disappeared the more east you went. The far east past the clouds also saw sunshine.

The moon people led by Osmond kept monitoring the situation.

....

It had been an hour since Ruby was mauled and still alive. But now, she had been hiding behind the divider in the same room. There were monsters on the other side where the skirmish happened and the oasis exists. She danced keeping her legs pressed together, hands wedged tightly between her legs grasping for dear life, and her own torso hunched. She shook a little, trying to hold it and being too stiff. She raised her head a little, eyes closed, and lower lip bent inwards as she bit it.

Flashback: After the monsters were blown away by the bomb, the dashers and rockanoffs fought with the dragons. They were too busy being angry at each other that they chose to notice Ruby. She remained on the ground, wincing in pain trying to hold it. Her poor exit hole couldn't hold back all that liquid that kept accumulating into the tiny tube right before it. She felt wave after wave of desperation that after all the running, fighting, rolling, and being attacked made it worse. Even her near accident made it worse.

Ruby moaned and whimpered as she squirmed in her position. But she could feel herself becoming weaker and lethargic as her need to drink water grew worse. She couldn't pass out here or die. Ruby carefully got up to her feet and went over to the oasis. She filled her only water bottle with it and just as she was about to escape, another monster showed up. It was an opar. It got into position to jump on top of her. She threw a lightning gem at it, causing it to electrocute to its death and dissipate into red experience points, and a bag if money (happens in the game).

She chose to walk away, carefully, and quietly, while the dragons fought with the rockanoffs and dashers. Sadly, the opar didn't have the exit key and she couldn't leave the dungeon floor. She had to keep moving. But she had to find a place to lay low for a while before going put to fight, and possibly empty her bladder. She chose to hide behind the divider. It was safer and she has done it before. (In the game, monsters can tell you're behind the wall of a room divider, but for the story I say they can't).

Simultaneously, the dragon roared its final fire breath, knocking out the rockanoffs, dashers, and any other monsters. Except for two survivors, a rockanoff and a dasher. Ruby quickly got behind the divider as mentioned and stayed out of sight. We know their fates. Ruby got behind the divider and hid there. But before she could drink water, she stopped to hold herself. Ruby's urge to go became so bad she tried to hold it and contracted harder, but her exit hole and urethra couldn't go further while the throbbing kept feeling worse.

All she could think about was her need to go and preventing even a drop from escaping her. Hopefully, none of the creatures outside noticed her while she hid for her life. Ruby once again felt light-headed and her vision blurred. She could feel her own body temperature rise and the sweat so gross. Her clothes stuck to her and clung to her body. But as of now, the main priority was preventing a flood that threatened to soak her from the groin down.

Ruby wasn't ready to let go of her crotch for dear life. But she had to or else risk passing out from thirst. She carefully let go of her crotch, went to reach for her bottled water, and with the other hand, carefully removed the cap to the bottle. She did so bobbing up and down while scrunching her face with worry, stiffening her body to hold it.

Edited April 7, 2023 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*024*2023-04-08 00:27

Every part of Ruby was against ingesting more water to satiate her thirst and keep herself alive. It wanted her to make room inside herself before adding more fluids. But she had to or else her life would be in peril. Ruby held her bottled water for a moment, breathing heavily, before drinking it all. She drank it slowly, one gulp at a time, and each gulp every 15 seconds. After the third gulp, she whimpered and grabbed her crotch with her right hand.

She spurted into her lips again, this time she was on the verge of a severe accident. This one-second jet didn't alleviate the growing pressure against the exit hole at all, only being replaced by more fluid. Perhaps, she couldn't drink all the water but she could drink half. Her body, mind, and heart protested even more now and begged her to squat for a toilet break. But she just wouldn't listen to her need to go. Her bladder made a spasm while her urethra felt as though it was going to explode. Ruby just couldn't do it anymore.

She accidentally dropped her bottled water. "Shoot!" She said, as she rushed to pick it up and hid behind a huge treasure chest. She remained still with one hand on her crotch and the other over her mouth. She stared at the corridor leading into the room while she kept her back against the chest. One of the monsters from the other side came over to see what the noise was but it saw nothing and kept moving onwards. It was a Golem, but not the one from earlier.

Ruby waited another 10 seconds in case it expected her to come out before moving over to the wall of the divider on her side of it. She looked out to see the Golem, the two dragons, and another ghost. They didn't see her, but their eyes glowed an evil ominous red color. She stepped back and remained hidden. Since then, for an hour Ruby remained there fighting her urge, looking out every so often from a safe distance, to see if they left. If the coast was clear she could keep moving.

Fast forward the 1 hour, and she looks up with a look of pleading for mercy. She wished for a way out of this, to find a place of privacy, and relieve herself. She just couldn't go inside a cave of monsters. Besides, they would smell her golden liquid and use it to track her down. Her sweat so was so bad that it was a surprise it didn't permeate the air well enough to be tracked down. She bit her lip, danced, and held herself. Ruby kept trying to hold it as tight as possible, may be even more.

But now the urge was no longer controllable, for no amount of contracting her muscle was enough. She squeezed and contracted but it wouldn't budge. She couldn't hold it anymore. The pressure was too great and painful. Ruby was frantically dancing, grabbing onto herself for dear, dear, dear life. She couldn't breathe fully due to the inward motion of her diaphragm to hold it in so vigorously. She crossed and double crossed her legs, trying to make the urge subside. Still nothing happened. She tried squatting down and putting her foot in the way. But nothing worked.

Even worse was her urge to go made even more intense thanks to the water she drank. Despite drinking half, it made its way through her body and being processed. Now it accumulated in her bladder thanks to her kidneys. She wanted more water to stay well hydrated but there wasn't much water in her bottle after dropping it. She needed more water. But where else could she get more water? There was only one oasis so far.

It was time to go or her body would give in due to fatigue or if she passed out from the heat. Ruby had to come up with a plan and fast. She thought of throwing a bunch of bombs, but that might not suffice. And she only had four. Plus, she would have to get up close and personal to do that. But the dragons would spit out fire or ice, whole the Golem would pound its fists at the ground. That wasn't feasible to risk her life. And she if she had to hold herself, then what? Ruby would be a sitting duck.

Ruby thought about attacking the Golem and dragons with her magic. But she didn't have the focus to conjure up another attack. She considered using a gooey patch but she remembered her last one was used up. She had gems but none were lightning element. They were fire, ice and wind. What could they do against a fire breathing dragon, and ice breathing dragon, and a Golem? And she had one of each. She had nothing at her disposal. And still not a single escape powder could be found.

She had four bombs left and considered using it against the Golem when he wasn't looking. But would that help. And the other dragons would certainly know she was there. But she couldn't stay behind this wall forever. She had to do something. She had to go and about to have the biggest accident of her life since she was an infant, she was tired and fatigued. Her thirst was rising and still no key to escape this dungeon floor. Ruby's mind raced all while she kept still and stiff.

Her legs double wrapped around each other, her torso hunched forward, her eyes closed, and her face expressing pain. Anxiety and panic ran rampant throughout her mind. There was no way it seemed she could leave this awful place and go find a suitable room for doing her business. Ruby considered at least destroying the Golem but that still left the two dragons outside. She needed a plan and didn't have one at the moment. She had to take a risk or wet herself and regain the focus necessary to fight back.

She had to choose now. It was her life or death. There was nothing complicated about this situation. She could wait until she wets herself or until she is found, or wet herself now and fight back. But she didn't want to give the source of this evil pleasure, nor did she want to explain why she smelled. Ruby didn't like her odds one bit. This was ridiculous and undignified. Suddenly, she squatted down to the ground fighting an unbearable urge that grew to its most pinnacle. She couldn't hold it back forever now.

Her bladder contracted So badly forcing too much against her exit hole. But her tiny urethra and exit hole didn't allow for more. She could feel it so bloated and ready to burst, the wave of desperation just nonstop pulsating. She felt the churning inside and out of her muscle for the exit hole. Ruby clenched her teeth so hard and even tried biting hard on her lower lip. But nothing helped to alleviate her situation, except going where she stood. Or she could just squat for a leak. Something had to give.
