Starlight

Author: Unbeknownst

The next day was Saturday. Every weekend Elysia would go visit Locriste to sell and buy. As usual the city was busy, but today seemed different. The area around the spaceport in particular was packed by dense crowds.

“What’s going on?” Elysia asked a vendor selling food at the street side.

“The first players arrive today.” He flipped a slab of meat over with a spatula. “The governor’s holding a special celebration and everything.” The man’s eyes traveled over the padded leather armor Elysia was wearing and the one handed sword hanging at her hip. “Say, you wouldn’t happen to be a player would you?”

With a shake of her head, Elysia opened her mouth and the man recoiled. He stared wide-eyed at her over the top of his cart and she shut her mouth, blushing. “I wish,” Elysia replied softly before walking away.

This wasn’t according to plan. At least... not her plan. She wasn’t expecting to see other players for another month or so. It’s not like she wasn’t ready. As far as Elysia was concerned, she would never be ready enough to satisfy her.

The workshop was filled with the sound of machinery when Elysia arrived. A smallish man wearing work clothes approached, smiling genially. “What can I do for you today?”

“Are the parts ready?”

“Almost, they’ll be finished this evening. I can help you assemble it if you like.”

“That would be great. Thank you, Derek.”

“Always a pleasure.” Derek grinned widely. “You brought payment?”

“Right here.” With a grunt, Elysia heft the gigantic backpack off her back and lowered it to the ground.

Derek approached and paused right as he was about to open it. “May I?”

“Yeah, sure. Go ahead.”

Derek unzipped the top as Elysia stretch out her arms and shook her head. Gleaming metals and jars of fluids glinted from inside the bag. “You carried all this here on your own?”

“Yup. I’m getting better at using my powers.”

“Right. Well, it appears that everything we agreed upon is here. Come back around 7. If they’re not done by then, I’ll have a better estimate for when they will be done.”

“Got it.”

Elysia went to her usual hangout, a small bench area in one of the public parks with a clear view of one of the large building mounted screens showing the news. Right now the screen showed the flood of players exiting a gigantic passenger ship occasionally focusing on ones that accomplished notable feats or had large followings. The view zoomed in on a particularly large, muscular man with claws and weapons stashed everywhere. Elysia shuddered slightly.

Everybody knew about the Headhunter. He delighted in killing. More than just killing he enjoyed causing pain, carving his opponents slowly until there was nothing less than mince meat. Powerful and vicious, he was almost always one of the featured streams. He was also the current leading Demon Hunter with the most demons killed by a single player. Honestly, if she were to die, Elysia would rather be killed by the person currently in second. At least he was humane about it.

“Is this seat taken?” So engrossed in the broadcast, Elysia hadn’t noticed someone approach the table she was sitting on from the other side. She shook her head and then did a double take. The person who sat down across from her was handsome and wealthy. That much was evident from the expensive clothing he wore. He also didn’t appear to be that much older than her, probably in his mid-late teens. He gave a smile of greeting and Elysia returned it shyly.

“Did you just get here too?”

“Hm?” Elysia looked over again. He gestured to her sword which was lying on the tabletop.

“You are a player, right?”

Elysia froze. A player. Of course he was a player. That meant his job was to kill her. It just occurred to her that she hadn’t opened her mouth yet in the time that he had spoken with her. That meant he hadn’t had a chance to see her fangs, to match them with the particularly pale skin and dark hair. That meant she had two options, walk away or pretend to be a player.

“Hey, you alright?”

Uh… uh… THINK DAMNIT. Elysia finally broke her internal logjam. She pretended to drop something and bent over to “pick it up.”

“Yeah, just sort of spaced, sorry. What do you think about the demons?”

“The demons?” The boy fingered something that was hanging from his neck, a very scary look on his face. “I wish they weren’t a part of this game. I just want to chill, to kill some monsters for the fun of it.”

“But… you don’t think they should be killed?”

“I mean, why should they?”

“Because they’re a danger to those around them.” Elysia pretended to put the thing she had “dropped” away and looked over towards the boy. His gaze was focused on the large screen she had been watching when he interrupted her.

“I think… I think that only those that abuse their powers or have hurt people should be removed. I mean, moved elsewhere. Not killed. What about you?”

Elysia nodded thoughtfully. She leaned towards him and beckoned him closer. She opened her mouth enough for him to catch sight of her fangs. His eyes widened. “You’re not a player.”

She hastily shushed him, but it didn’t seem like anyone around had noticed. “No,” she whispered, “I’m not. Can we take this somewhere more private?”

“Sure. Where were you thinking?”

Elysia led the way beneath the awning of a nearby cafe, to a corner table next to a pillar and plants. She looked around for cameras but didn’t see any. “Sorry, I didn’t introduce myself earlier, my name is Elysia.”

“Lawrence.” He bridged his fingers and peered at her over them. “So you’re a demon.”

“Yes. I didn’t realized players would be coming to Locriste so soon. I kind of figured they’d go to Amarland first.”

“It’s for one of the quests,” explained Lawrence. “We have to deliver a package to one of the merchants here.”

“Figures.”

“You should probably get as far away from here as you can. The place is going to be filled with players.”

“I have to stick around until this evening.” A moment of silence. “Do you think I could pass for a player if I wore a hood?”

“Maybe if you also wore long sleeves and gloves to hide your hands.”

“Good point. I’m going to do some shopping. If you want, I could show you around.” She looked at him nervously.

“You know this place well?”

“Pretty well anyways.”

“Sure. Knowledge is power.”

Chapter IV: Raiding Locriste

“So, how do I look?” Elysia stepped out of the dressing room wearing a new floor length green cloak over a formfitting black long sleeve shirt, grey leggings, brown leather gloves, and sturdy boots.

“It’s suits your figure well.”

Elysia’s face turned crimson. “I meant could I pass for a player?”

“Probably. Just so long as you aren’t facing them.”

“That has to be good enough for now. So, shall we?”

“After you.” They were just about to leave the store when Elysia had a stroke of inspiration. She bought a black bandana, covering her lower face so that only her eyes were showing. Lawrence nodded approvingly.

Elysia walked pointed out the parts of town she had already explored giving tips on which shops were particularly shady or had good deals. A few glances were cast at them, probably due to the stark difference in outfit choice. Then again, Lawrence’s suit was clearly not the preferred garb. Ironically, he stood out more that Elysia did.

“Oh shoot!” The clock on the wall read 6:45. “I have an arrangement at 7.”

“Wait, you’re going to the celebration banquet?”

“What? No. What are you talking about.”

“The town is holding a celebration in honor of us players first making it to Locriste.”

“I see. No, I actually have to go pick up something I bought.”

“That makes a lot more sense.”

“I have to run.” Elysia exited the shop and started fast walking towards Derek’s workshop. She realized Lawrence was still tagging along and asked why he was following her.

“I wasn’t planning on going to the banquet anyway. I’ve gone to far too many of the dreary events back home.”

“I know what you mean.” Elysia always had to attend the banquets her father did. He refused to leave her alone in the house and so she found herself being dragged along to all sorts of social events where insincere adults would fawn over her trying to curry favor with her father.

“You do?” Lawrence arched an eyebrow.

“My father was always invited to the blasted things and I got dragged along. You?”

“My mother runs a large manufacturing firm. We host balls and banquets. Building connections.” He mocked throwing up and Elysia giggled.

A young man holding a tablet approached them as they entered. “How may I help you today?”

Elysia lowered her bandana. “It’s me, Michael.”

“Oh, just a second. SHE’S HERE, DEREK!” he bellowed over his shoulder.

“Coming,” echoed the faint reply.

“And who might you be?” asked Michael turning to Lawrence who was standing slack jawed. “Hello?”

Lawrence turned toward Elysia. “Why didn’t you tell me you knew where the secret shop was?”

“Secret shop?” she replied tilting her head. “I didn’t know this was a secret shop.”

“Oh, right. That’s cause you’re not a player.” Michael tucked the tablet into a pocket. “Every city large enough to have its own spaceport has a secret shop where players can learn special crafting techniques and buy unique items.” He winked. “This shop is Locriste’s.”

“I guess that explains why I’ve been able to custom order things.” Elysia shelved the information for future use. Derek arrived wiping his hands on his clothes.

“I see you brought a friend.”

“Friend might be a bit of a stretch, I just met him today.”

“Well, more business is always welcome.” Derek extended his hand. “Welcome to my workshop. I’m Derek.”

“Derek Grant?”

“Yes, why?”

“I have a package for you.” Lawrence pulled a fist sized cube from his pocket and it expanded until he held a small chest. “From Morgan.”

“Oh ho.” Derek’s eyes glinted as he took the chest and shrunk it again. “Congratulations Lawrence. That means you have succeeded in your quest.” He snapped his fingers and a coin pouch fell from somewhere overhead, landing in his open hand. “This is your reward. And you may choose one from among these.” He waved his hand and a list of bonus rewards appeared in midair.

“I’ll take this one.”

“A cane? Interesting. You got it Michael?”

“Yeah I got it.”

Derek and Elysia left Lawrence behind as they went deeper into the shop. Finally they reached a cavernous room buried deep in the back. Large metal plates and other parts were strewn across the floor. “So what are you building with all this?”

“Let’s just build this. I need to skedaddle before players find this place. Besides Lawrence I mean.” It was nearly midnight by the time they finished. What before had been an array of parts was now a platform about the size of a large car covered in tubing, wiring, and tanks. A metal sphere big enough to fit a man took up most of the space.

“That’s not what I think it is, is it?”

“What do you think it is?”

“A fusion generator.”

Elysai clapped a hand on his back. “Don’t worry. If it blows up, you’ll just respawn anyways. Now help me finish the casing.”

Derek’s eyes bugged as he silently helped her put on the outer shell. The final result looked like some sort of swamp runner, if swamp runners had giant metal balls for power plants and were built like a tank.

“It’s done.” Elysia wiped some sweat from her brow and chugged water from her jug. She noted with annoyance that despite her restroom break earlier, it was time for her to go again.

“By Korben…” breathed Derek. “I’ve assembled all sorts of things, but we seriously just built a fusion powered hover car from scratch.”

“Yup.”

“Where the hell did you learn to build a fusion generator? I couldn’t build one from scratch even if you gave me a decade.”

“My dad.” Elysia held out her hand. “Thank you Derek. For everything.”

“No problem.” Derek weakly shook, still staring in apparent inability to accept that they had really built it.

Just then, Michael hurried into the room. “I’ve locked down the shop.”

“Why, what for?”

“There are monsters everywhere. Boars, elementals horrors, wolves.”

“Huh? They normally stay outside of the city.”

“Apparently its some sort of event. They’re completely wrecking the town.”

“Good work locking down the shop then.” Derek frowned. “I thought they would tell us about events like these.”

“Guess it’s for the authenticity since we respawn anyways.”

“Point.”

Elysia made her way to the restroom near the front of the store. She heard voices, player voices judging from what they were talking about. Vaguely she wondered if Lawrence told others how to find this place. It wasn’t like she told him to keep it secret and others were bound to find it sometime regardless. She froze as a player approached the corner currently separating them.

“There’s a demon here,” piped up a voice.

“Really? Here? How can you tell?”

“It’s a special perk he picked up,” explained a deeper gruffer voice. “Every one be on alert. What else can you tell us?”

“They’re a vampire type.”

“So that means black hair, pale skin, fangs, slender fingers, what else?”

“Probably skinny. They’re quick and resilient.”

“Everyone open your mouths.”

“You think one of us might be the demon?”

“Better safe than sorry.”

Elysia bit her lower lip as she rubbed her legs together. She didn’t dare try and slip past them to use the restroom. Silently, she turned and went back down to Derek. She passed Michael on his way up and prodded him gently. He jumped back a couple feet staring around wide-eyed until he realized it was her.

“You almost gave me a heart attack. I thought some monster had gotten in.”

“Can you do me a favor?”

“Yeah?”

“Don’t tell them about me.”

“Sorry, that’s kind of my job. It’s in my contract.”

“Then at least hold off on telling them. A little while. Please?”

He sighed as he regarded her pleading eyes for a moment. “Alright. Fifteen minutes.”

“Thank you!” Elysia darted away and Michael scratched at his head a torn expression on his face before turning and heading back upstairs.

“I need you to open the door.”

“Are you insane? That’s suicide!”

“Just enough for me to get the craft out.” Elysia didn’t wait for a response but immediately jumped into the driver’s seat. The craft rose several inches off the floor and swiveled to face the exit. She looked towards Derek expectantly and he threw his hands in the air. “Are you trying to get us killed?”

“No, but if I stick around here I’m going to die.”

Derek realized something. “There are players in the shop.”

“Yes. And apparently one of them has the ability to know if a void spawn is nearby. It’s only a matter of time before they find me.”

“I’ll do it. I’m got set the door to open and then lock the entrance.”

“Thank you.”

“Good luck.”

Amidst the battle raging in the streets of the city, a chunky silver craft charged right over everything and, exiting the city proper, disappeared into the night.

Elysia stopped the craft along the bank of the river and hopped off. Her body was shaking, both with adrenaline and because she needed to use the restroom so badly. Suddenly light assaulted her. A ball of flame exploded against a nearby rock spraying her in a shower of embers. Crying out from the pain, Elysia jumped into the river then looked around for her attacker. A fire elemental stepped out from behind s cover of foliage and roared at her.

Furiously, Elysia charged out of the river. She drew her sword as she sprinted towards it, wincing at the heat. A slash of light seemed to cut through the night as she spun past the elemental, her sword slicing straight through the torso section.

Without giving the lumbering creature a chance to turn towards her, Elysia raised her sword over her head and heaved it two handed like an axe. The blade cut the elemental in two, clattering to a halt at the edge of the river. The elemental crumbled, turning from fire to embers to ash.

Elysia realized that her wet pants were becoming wetter and frantically jammed a hand between her legs as she danced and curtsied. A gasp escaped her lips as she felt the wetting stop, but only for a moment. The next second she was wetting herself full force, her muscles unresponsive. When she finished, Elysia waded into the river and then collapsed on the bank, panting.

Chapter V: New Friends New Enemies

She wasn’t sure how long she lay there, but Elysia was certain of one thing. She was exhausted. Worn out completely. She barely managed to force herself to her feet, swaying alarmingly. She had to get back to her hideout. There she would be safe from monsters. Out here, she would become something’s midnight snack.

Clambering awkwardly back onto her craft, Elysia was about to head off when she heard a voice crying out for help. A voice in pain and very close. Before she really thought about it, Elysia instinctively turned and raced off towards its source.

“I’m out of potions!” cried out a player as she whacked at a wolf with her staff. The blow connected, the girl almost losing her balance with the recoil as the wolf fell over sideways and then clambered back to its feet. The girl leaned heavily on her staff sweat dripping down her face shaking with exertion as she panted open mouthed facing down two wolves. The bodies of two more dead wolves lay nearby as well as her companion another girl dressed in a cream colored leather jacket.

The girl with the jacket was clearly an expert, gracefully outmaneuvering three large wolves as they took turns charging and biting at her. Blood flowed from a huge bite wound that had torn off the sleeve of her jacket.

Elysia sighed as she pulled out something she had been saving for emergencies, a pair of long barreled pistols. She was in no shape to use her sword. Clambering down, she stumbled her way into the fight and introduced herself by firing both pistols into the head of the largest wolf. The wolf fell over dead as the fight froze almost comically, all parties involved turning to look at Elysia.

“You’re welcome.”

Eight shots later and the four remaining wolves lay dead upon the floor as well. Elysia holstered the pistols and took a deep breath. She was feeling significantly better, her vampire abilities and the fact it was night time putting in work. The remains of the two players camp were strewn about, some of it still on fire.

“Aw man.” The girl with the staff collapsed to her knees. She had shoulder blade length hair dyed green with silver ornaments. Her yellow cloth shirt and navy pants would have been nice if they weren’t ripped and covered in dirt and blood. “I knew leaving the city was a bad idea.”

“But it was your idea, Robin!” retorted her companion coming over to join her. The other girl wore a purple tank top and white skirt. Her dirty blond hair fell down to the middle of her back.

“Was it?” Robin frowned trying to remember properly. “I suppose it was.” She glanced over towards Elysia who nodded politely. “Who are you?”

“Elysia.”

Robin grabbed her companions arm, the latter crying out in pain. “Oops, sorry. I forgot you were bitten.” Her eyes fell upon the bloody gash and she winced. “We need to get out of here, she’s a demon.”

“What? How did you…” Elysia touched her face and realized the bandanna was missing, probably destroyed in her confrontation with the fire elemental. “Shit.”

“A demon? And I thought my night couldn’t get any better.” A troop of men in varying leather and metal armors stepped into the light carrying weapons already coated in fresh blood. A pretty average looking guy stepped forwards leering. “Evening ladies. Or is it morning already?”

“It is most decidedly night.” The blond gingerly stretched her arm as she regarded him coolly. She managed to maintain a poised, intimidating presence, but the blood loss was clearly getting to her. She staggered, pressing her good hand against the wound.

The guy sneered. “Smart aleck. No matter.” He gestured magnanimously. “lust leave your things and we’ll let you leave. Otherwise…” his gang cracked their knuckles threateningly, “we’ll take it by force. But not after having some fun first. And you.” He pointed a finger gun at Elysia. “So you’re the rumored vampire.” His eyes traveled down and up Elysia’s body causing her to flush. “I’m gonna enjoy you.”

Elysia looked significantly at Robin whose eyes widened as she took a step back. “Grab her and get out of here,” said Elysia clearly. “Now!” Robin nodded vigorously and helped her friend stand.

“Eh, eh, eh.” The man waved a finger. “Not on my watch, or my name isn’t Alexander the Great.”

“Wasn’t Alexander the Great some famous general?”

“Ancient Greece. He’s clearly not Alexander the Great.”

Alexander’s face twitched. “It’s a nickname dumbass. Now-” All the flames in the area abruptly went up in a puff of smoke. The abrupt darkness blinded everyone. “Lights!” Some of the men activated devices or lit torches, but all they could see was blackness. “Where’d they go?”

Even with her night vision, Elysia couldn’t see the men anymore. They appeared to be contained in some sort of opaque black cube. Light blossomed from a rod Robin held in her hands by whacking it sharply against something nearby. “Darkness cube,” explained a voice faintly. It won’t last longer than a minute.”

“Follow me.” Elysia led the way over a small hill to where her craft was located. The three of them squeezed in and jetted off into the night.

It was already midday by the time Elysia woke up still dressed in her clothing from the night before. The stench of blood lingered in the air.

“Good morning.” At the unexpected voice, Elysia leapt to her feet reaching for where she normally put her sword. Except it wasn’t there. She wasn’t even next to her bed, she was a little ways away standing on an unrolled sleeping bag. It took a moment longer for her to recognize Robin sitting on a folding chair next to the large rock that Elysia used for a table.

Elysia kneaded her forehead trying to get rid of the slight headache she had. “Right. How’s your friend?”

Robin nodded toward the bed where the blond lay wrapped in poorly done bandaging and blankets. “She’ll recover.”

“Shouldn’t we speak quietly so she can sleep?”

“Pear’s a heavy sleeper.”

“Pear?”

“Her actual name is Paradigm, but she doesn’t mind.”

“Interesting name.” Also one that pricked something in Elysia’s memory, but she couldn’t quite place it. That annoyed her greatly. What if it was something important that she forgot? She supposed it didn’t really matter. Robin eyed Elysia as she sat down at the table. “This is your place?” Robin asked.

“Built it myself.”

“Built?” Robin raised an eyebrow. “I’ve seen some pretty amazing player owned structures, but none that were built by themselves.” She paused for a moment. “Right, you’re not a player.”

“Yeah,” Elysia sighed deeply. “And you’re okay with being near me?”

“If you wanted to kill us, you could have done it so many times. Besides, I’ve always wanted to talk to a demon.”

“What? Why?”

“Dunno. Just cause I guess. Might get me more viewers.”

“Viewers?” Elysia’s eyes widened.. “Have you been streaming?”

“I”m always streaming. I have one of the most popular channels.” Robin thrust out her chest proudly, then scratched her head embarrassed. “Actually, it’s not one of the top top channels, but I’m getting up there.” She sighed deeply and leaned closer to Elysia, lowering her voice. “Honestly, Pear’s the one people want to see, but she doesn’t stream.”

Elysia shoved her chair back and stood up abruptly. “I need to push the time table.”

“Time table? What time table.”

“My time table. If you’ve been streaming, that means anyone watching knows where this place is and what I am. I need to leave.” She started going around gathering everything she planned on taking with her which didn’t amount to much, mostly tools and some rations.

“Where will you go?”

“Somewhere over the rainbow.”

Robin opened her mouth clearly about to say something when Pear groaned and sat up. Despite her obvious dissatisfaction with Elysia’s answer, she immediately went to go check on her friend.

“Wow, you heal really fast,” remarked Elysia as Pear peeled back to bandaging to reveal her wound had already stopped bleeding and scabbed over. Pear gingerly stretched her arm and then stopped, blinking.

“No no no, please tell me I didn’t.” Pear started to lift the covers and then paused, whirling towards Robin. “Are you streaming?”

“Yes.”

“Pause it.”

“What? Why?”

“Just do it.”

“Okay, fine. No need to snap.” A disturbance in the air behind Robin’s head flickered. “There. It’s off.” Pear leveled her gaze. “No, really, it is.”

Pear lifted the covers and Robin and Elysia gasped. The bed was soaked through, along with her back and skirt. Pear buried her face in her hands, sobbing.

“It’s alright.” Elysia laid a comforting on her back.

“No, it’s not alright!” Pear glared up at her. “This shouldn’t be happening! This can’t be happening!”

“Has this happened before?”

“No.”

“No!” Robin and Pear both spoke in unison.

“Then don’t worry about it. You were probably too exhausted to notice.”

“That must have been it,” muttered Pear. She swept her blond hair over to one side and looked up at Elysia. “Thank you.”

“Don’t worry about it. I have some extra clothes although I don’t know if they’ll fit you.”

Robin held up a hand. “I’ll take care of it. Come on, stand up.” Pear obediently got out of bed and stood with them. Robin closed her hand into a fist and her eyes lost focus. Everything around started cleaning itself. Their clothes, the sheets, even the dust gathering on the floor.

“What was that?”

“It’s a helper tool. Cost me a lot and it only works once per day.”

“We usually use it to clean up the camp before packing.”

Chapter VI: Battle at the End of the World

“Feeling better?”

“Still a little dizzy.” Elysia sat with Pear in the shade of a tree at the edge of the lake. Pear sighed as she drained the jug again and set it between them. Robin was off somewhere nearby hunting. “I gotta take piss.”

“Well no wonder, I’m surprised you haven’t gone already with all the water you’ve been drinking.”

“Be right back.” Pear staggered to her feet and disappeared. Evidently she only went around the tree. The sound of liquid spattering on the dirt and her exhale of relief still resounded over the noise of the lake. A few moments later, she returned and sat down.

“It’s nice out here.”

“I didn’t choose this place because it was nice, but I agree.”

They sat in silence for a while drinking in the sounds, the smells, the warmth, and, in Pear’s case, the water.

“I never did introduce myself properly.” Pear tucked her feet beside herself. “My name is Paradigm. I’m from Earth.”

“That’s a long way to come. Then again, I made the same trip too. My name is Elysia.”

“Daughter of Logan Wrynn?”

“What? How’d you know that Pear?”

Pear winced. “I’d appreciate it if you called me Paradigm. You can call me Pear if you must, but I prefer Paradigm.”

“Alright Paradigm. Why does Robin call you ‘Pear’ if you like your actual name better?”

“She thinks it sounds cute. I just put up with it.”

“I see.”

With a thud, a sack thudded onto the ground beside Paradigm. Robin beamed down at them. “Lunch! And I have message for Elysia.”

“Oh? From who?”

“Some guy. He said to say he was Lawrence?”

“I met him yesterday! Seemed pretty nice.”

“Well his news isn’t. He said something about planets blowing up and the known universe disappearing. I don’t get it.”

“That’s… cryptic. Any ideas Paradigm?”

She shook her head. “No, but something’s coming.” The other two listened closely and shared a look when they couldn’t hear anything.

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah. It sounds like a lot of feet.”

“That can’t be good.” Elysia lead the way back to the house. Strange creatures roamed around outside of it. Creatures with black skin as if a piece of night decided to romp down to earth. Each creature had two to four legs and varied in side from a large dog to an elephant. White bone covered their feet and patches of their bodies. As the one they turned to face the girls that broke out of the undergrowth..

“Do you think they’re peaceful?”

With a great roar, the creatures charged forwards, the earth shaking.

“Nope.” Elysia leapt straight up and pulled herself onto a branch, clinging to it desperately as it bucked wildly. Robin took off running, but Paradigm followed Elysia’s example nestling in a crook. Paradigm reached to her side and withdrew an arm length short sword like a spike.

“Give me back up.” Paradigm leapt downwards stabbing into the back of what seemed like a boar. She rolled forwards as it dissolved into black smoke slicing at the feet of a large elephant. The creature reared backwards to try to crush her, but Paradigm was already wrestling with something akin to a saber tooth tiger.

“Back up. Right.” Elysia drew her own sword and slid down the tree trunk landing precariously. “Yipe!” She backed into the tree trunk flailing wildly with her sword. Somehow she managed to knock the creature off balance and it glared at her.

Not sparing a moment, Elysia spun around the tree trunk slashing at anything she could reach. Somehow she managed to keep them back, but not for long. A twist barely prevented a tusk from goring her midsection leaving a stinging cut. She whipped the sword downwards bashing the side of its face while lashing out with her foot at a giant salamander.

“Hiya!” Robin returned with a jab, pushing her way into the fray. The two girls wound up back to back, black hair to green hair, protected on one side by a silver blade, the other by a wooden staff. Both panted heavily as they circled, partners in a dangerous dance.

Elysia didn’t regret the strength and endurance training that she had done ever since arriving. She would have died many times over otherwise. Still, she was definitely tiring, the sword feeling heavier with every swing. Leaning back, the sword blade rotated in front of her face blocking a set of claws. Unable to compensate for the force, she fell onto Robin and they collapsed in a heap.

With a now familiar prickling sensation, Elysia activated her powers. The crushing force of a giant foot pushed her body into the ground leaving her dazed in a human shaped imprint. Time seemed to slow down as she watched the foot rise up again. Her lungs were empty of air, her limbs devoid of strength. The foot began to descend and Elysia began to move as if trying to swim through molasses.

As the foot accelerated, Elysia suddenly found herself staring up at a pair of thick white cotton panties. Paradigm crossed her two swords over her head legs buckling. She barely managed to keep from fully collapsing. For a moment, Elysia caught of whiff of something and noticed a small damp spot on the pair of panties almost pressed into her face before they vanished.

It took a moment longer before Elysia could sit up still feeling light headed. Robin and Paradigm were just finishing off the last of the creatures. Puffs of black smoke all over indicated just how many monsters they had managed to kill.

“Ow… ow… ow.” Robin winced as she looked all the cuts and scrapes all over her body. Paradigm too looked worse for wear, but she wasn’t showing it. Blood spattered upon the ground as the swords were cleaned before being sheathed. Elysia didn’t even try to stand up, but leaned forwards breathing hard.

“What an excellent time for a reunion. I was afraid those… things… were going to steal my kill.” Alexander the Great stepped into view. Robin whirled about. Paradigm assumed a poised standing stance that would have been intimidating if her legs weren’t shaking, knocking against each other as she bobbed ever so slightly twisting as her eyes glared as sharp as her swords towards him.

“Little antsy are we? Don’t worry we’ll wait.”

Paradigm blushed deeply. As the time dragged on, her skirt fluttered, her stance breaking as she crossed one foot behind the other so she could press her legs together. Robin stepped up beside her, staff lowered threateningly like a spear.

“How pathetic. One noob and her body guard protecting an enemy. Traitors.” Alexander pulled a long barreled pistol not unlike the ones Elysia owned. “Another victory to add to my glory.” He aimed at Elysia and pulled the trigger.

Elysia grabbed at her cloak trying to put something, anything between her and the bullet. She started shaking. In the split second that she realize it was the ground not her, the world went blue.

Chapter VII: Somewhere Only We Know

The first thing Elysia noticed was that the world seemed abnormally blue. Then she noticed the world was abnormally wet. That’s when she realized she was drowning. She clawed frantically dragging her waterlogged body to the surface only a few feet above where she immediately vomited up large amount of water and almost sank as she gasped for air. Lying on her back, she managed to stay afloat by pushing with her arms and legs.

“Over theeeeeereee!” The high pitched cry sounded out somewhere overhead. A shiny red metal rod poked Elysia in the forehead.

“Oops. I’m so sorry! Grab it!” Instinctively, Elysia followed directions and caught hold of the rod.

“We’re trying to help them, not kill them,” admonished a male voice as the rod was yanked upwards pulling Elysia’s upper body out of the water. She found herself lying on the bed of a wooden boat her feet dangling off the side looking up at two people. One was a man with black hair slicked back and stubble. The other was a young girl with red hair, slightly longer on her right and anxiety dancing in her eyes. A sharp red crescent stabbed at the air over her head.
