Interrupted by nature

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-03-05 21:48

Summary: A female hiker is kept from urinating in private by an animal.

Title: Interrupted by nature

Content: indecent, desperate, openly urinating

Character:

- Marris Porter - only character

Plot: It was the first Saturday of September and still hot. As usual, Marris Porter was in the mountains. This time she was hiking, not climbing. Marris decided to trek through the wilderness of the Apalachian Mountains. She hiked from Plateau to Plateau the whole day starting at 7 am.

Marris loved hiking and mountain climbing in the wilderness to recharge and get away from the stresses of human society. The air was fresh mountain air, the pollution almost none, and the solitude was amazing. And besides, the view was beautiful from higher elevations. Most people feared insects, but she wasn't afraid. But Marris knew to be careful of disease.

Summer time was best since it was warm and there were lots of trees for shade. The winter air was wrought with frigid temperatures, avalanches, and hypothermia. Plus, the days were much shorter too.

After a whole day of hiking, she was tired and settled down near a lake for fishing. It was approaching dinner time and the day was ending. She stopped nearby a lake to set up camp. The tent was pitched, some wood gathered for a fire, and her food skinned and cleaned.

Once her food was ready, Marris consumed her food and drink. The fishes sprinkled with salt and pepper, consumed with her two bottles of wine were delicious. She decided to go for an evening swim in the lake and rid herself of the sweat her body accumulated. She felt she deserved it.

It was about 6:45 pm and the day was waning. She didn't want to be awake too late. Marris laid out a beach towel on the ground near where the grounds met the lake water. She laid out new hiking clothes and another towel on it. The fire was kept burning to dry off and prevent shivering. Marris undressed and walked into the lake.

Marris did have the habit of holding it until she was desperate. However, she had also made the mistake of being unable to urinate. (Just read Nowhere to go. She was in such a hurry to reach the top she was cliffside and didn't have anywhere to relieve herself. Marris had to urinate in her shorts where she was.)

This time she wouldn't be too long. Marris took sips of water from her cantine to beat the heat. Today was hot and meant HOT. The last time she urinated was after lunch. Since then, she was filling up up sips of water to stay hydrated. Her lunch ended at 1:30 pm and her first sip after lunch was at 2 pm.

Now she was feeling a pang and a need to urinate. She felt minor desperation as her bladder felt full and urethra filling up. After her dinner, her bladder kept filling more due to her wine. Still, she wanted to hold it despite the neurological signals to her brain and the instinct to urinate.

Marris began her bath by going under the water and coming up for air. She removed the water from her face and wringed it from her hair. She splashed more water on her face and her arms. Her body glistened from the bon fire and the sunset.

The sky was a fiery scarlet color as the sun kept descending below the horizon. Marris's hair and body was a scarlet hue and the silhouette of her body was magnificent from a distance against the bon fire and the sunset sky. Yikes and sizzling noise. Anyone passing by would have noticed her and stop to look. Marris knew this and would wish her hair was Irish scarlet too.

It was 6:57 pm and the day still ending as the sky started turning more purple. Her need grew more but still not stopping her exercise routine. She did some back strokes and front strokes. Marris practiced her deep breath exercises and floating in place by making circular movements in the water.

She felt at ease swimming and the cool waters on her body was bracing. It was cold and yet cool for the sake of lowering her body temperature. She shuttered a little at one point and felt alive. But because it was cooling her down, she felt calm. It was a balanced experience.

Marris could feel her need growing to significant desperation now. It was 7:22 pm and more than 20 minutes passed. She always missed track of some time when she swam in refreshing water. And besides, she couldn't just bring her phone with her. And bringing a child's floating toy to hold onto or one of those floating air inflated bed couldn't be brought with her.

Marris didn't want to stop and thought to her abdomen "Just 5 more minutes please.". But her bladder and full urethra said "Don't hold off longer. Remember last time on the mountain climb?". Marris groaned and accepted the fact her body was right. Marris took another 5 minutes before swimming closer to her beach towel.

She was about 1 yard away from her towel, when suddenly she heard the growl of a bear. She stopped and turned to her right. To her horror, it was what her eyes showed her. It was dark brown and growled, large sized, and totally furry. It crawled and massive. It was a black bear, a creature not to get into it with. "Crap. What's that doing here?" Marris thought.

The bear stopped in its tracks as Marris bent down, walking slowly to a nearby large rock. She stood behind it watching the bear while making sure not to be seen. The bear was sniffing around for food. It certainly smelled something in the campsite. Perhaps, it was the leftover aroma from the fish. The bear kept sniffing the skewers and the bonfire.

"So that's it. The fish." Marris said softly to herself. She hoped it didn't follow the scent to her position. She took some water, garbled, and spit out on the muddy ground nearby the water and still hidden from from bear. "That should take make sure I am camouflaged.".

The bear sniffed the bear bottles as well. The bear kept loitering around for the next 5 minutes. By now, Marris was becoming annoyed. She couldnt walk over to her hunting pistol to scare off the bear. In addition, she was naked and damp, dripping with water. And she was starting to feel desperate.

It was 7:34 pm and she began keeping her legs closer together. Her urethra was feeling full and pressure as it was contracted to hold it. Marris instinctively put her hand in her crotch as she felt a passing wave. Her urethra was filling up and fast.

"Damn bear. How long are you gonna be? I have to pee." Marris whispered. Worse off, her phone was with her clothes and grabbing it meant being seen by the bear. Now the bear was crawling to her tent. Marris was pleading with the bear hoping it wouldn't go inside. No of course not. It went inside and began jostling it.

The bear was searching for the source of the fish and wine smell. It went through the whole tent for another 5 minutes. Marris went for her hunting pistol and phone. She went behind behind the large rock for safety. She fired it off vertically into the air. It was an sos signal flare. She hoped the loud noise would scare it away.

Sadly, the bear became aware something else was here. It ripped the tent off and began looking around. Marris, still holding herself as her need to urinate was growing past the "Okay time to go now". She was becoming more desperate and if the bear didn't leave, she would end up feeling bursting.

Thr bear took a ready to charge stance. Looking around, listening for any new noises. Marris wanted to fire off the pistol but where was she going to go. And bears can swim. She would have to fire another round but stay under water. And how long would that be? "Damn it. I have to pee and this stupid thing is here." Marris said.

Marris wished she could just shoot the bear dead. Sadly, there was a law about killing bears up here. This species of bear became endangered and rendered untouchable. But no one was around either. The problem was that she only loaded the pistol with an sos signal. Her other rounds were in her hiking shorts.

What a jam she is in. There is nowhere to go. And she wasn't the type to pee on herself in a lake. She wouldn't just contaminate the waters. She would be standing in it. Yuck. It wasn't like when she urinated in her shorts a month ago. Her urine stained her shorts but most of it fell miles below her. What was she to do?

Another 20 minutes passed and now she was seriously desperate. She was bobbing up in down in the water, trying to stave off her need to go. All that water and alcohol was making itself known and wanted out of Marris.

The reign of the night time sky had settled in and only becoming darker still. Luckily, The bon fire still kept burning. It seemed the bear understood not to approach the fire. It was now passed 8 pm (8:02 pm) and Marris still didn't fair any better. She was still naked and hidden from a hungry large bear. Luckily it didnt see her, but now it looked like it was done here.

The bear began walking away. It still smelled the scent but didn't know where it went. Slowly, the bear was walking away while still looking over its shoulders. Marris began walking behind the large rock, desperately trying to hold it and not have an accident. Slowly, she inched out of the water and onto the main land.

After another 2 minutes, the bear was far enough away and Marris went for her tent. Everything was a mess and trying to find her shewie was impossible.

"Where are you oh come one I need you. Where is it where is it ... " she said. At last she found it and put it right underneath her. She let go of control and let it out. For the next 30 seconds, she relieved her aching bladder and urethra. She carefully moved towards the lake and washed the shewie.

Afterwards, she took out a flushable wipe and wiped her area dry. From there, she washed and dried her feet. She put on her new clothes and her boots. Her bonfire kept burning but not as bright. She quickly gathered her stuff and cleaned out her tent. She rebuilt it, took out her sleeping sheet and small pillow, and set it up inside the tent. It was time to sleep and no further need to be out.

