FFXIV: Unending Conflict

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2020-05-21 22:50

*Spoiler Alert*

This story follows the main story of Final Fantasy XIV almost to a tee. If you are player and want to avoid having the main story spoiled, consider this your fair warning.

Foreword:

I have once again emerged from endless whirlpool of "having no time" to grace the surface world with the latest in a string unlikely to ever completed projects. This work follows the main story arc of Final Fantasy through a combination of old favorites and original characters. As my character was originally an Archer, the exact story arc will follow the line that players take when they choose Gridania as their starting city.

Please do note that there will be diapers eventually, but not really any diaper play. If that is major turn off for you, this is your warning.

Lastly, please leave any comments, criticisms, concerns, suggestions. Just not any personal insults. I'll take them into account in future chapters.

Enjoy.

Chapter I: New Arrival

G'trihmin smiled pleasantly, her long fluffy dark red tail swayed happily back and forth as she strolled through the dappled patches of sunlight on the now familiar path from her home near the Bannock north to the southern gate of Gridania. Days like these where the glittering sunlight lent an almost magical ambience to the already inspiring beauty of the Twelveswood reminded the mi’qote that she had truly made the right decision trading in the hustle and bustle of Ul’dah for the idyllic peacefulness she now enjoyed.

As the morning edged toward midday, she arrived at the gate bidding good day to the dark haired elezen guard on duty before proceeding on her way to the Carline Canopy for a fresh mug of Shroud Tea as she did every week when she came into town to shop. Or rather, that’s what G'trihmin was in the process of doing when a distinct mewling sound distracted her. Turning in surprise, she found a lilac furred mi’qote standing near the cliff side half hidden behind the fan like leaves of a rather large plant.

While mi’qote weren’t entirely rare to the Twelveswood, they weren’t exactly common either. The unfamiliar individual in question dressed as G'trihmin once had in the traditional red, white, and black garb. She appeared to be around the same age as G'trihmin who just became an adult although that marker was rather vague. A rather nicely made leather rucksack hung over her back.

Right now the lilac furred mi’qote’s bright red skirt was hiked up far enough to flash glimpses of her white underwear as she bounced from foot to foot tightly gripping her between her legs. Her other hand fumbled with an open map, delicate lips pursed. Her eyes frantically tried to read its contents as it flapped wildly with each bounce. Stifling a giggle G'trihmin approached her and offered a sympathetic smile.

“Hello, I’m G'trihmin. What’s your name?”

The girl’s ears shot straight up in surprise and she dropped the map. Removing the hand from between her legs she turned to face the unexpected greeting.

“Mohr.” Her face blushing bright red, Mohr tried hard to appear casual crossing one leg behind the other so she could press her legs together. It only took a few moments before her eyes widened and a few drops fell from beneath her skirt as she jammed both hands up her skirt again. Her ears drooped in shame as she started dancing.

“Let’s go to the Carline Canopy, it’s the closest place probably.”

“That’s where I’m trying to go! I-” Mohr muffled a squeal as she ran in place.

“It’s right over there.” G'trihmin pointed a large round wooden structure slightly over hanging the cliff that bordered the other side of the walkway. “Let me help you.”

“Just go, just go! Lead me!” Mohr sucked in a deep breath and managed to summon a second wind sprinting madly for the building G'trihmin indicated. G'trihmin for her part had to run as fast as she could just to keep up with her new companion.

They burst into the tavern and made their way along the wall toward the back and entered a secluded hallway. Upon seeing the sign for the restroom Mohr’s ears perked. Her eyes lit up, glittering with hope. Reality doused that hope as quickly as it had sparked. With the promise of salvation so close Mohr’s need spiked causing her to lock up and she would have gone face first into the floor if G’trihmin didn’t catch her first.

“No, no, no!” But tears and quiet whispers did nothing to hold back the impending flow. Mohr bounced frantically. She dug her hand in as hard as she could but a momentary loss of control cost her any remaining absorbency her underwear might have had. The dam had truly broken this time and as much as Mohr tried to battle back against the pressing of her need, this was not one war she was going to win. She attempted to loosen up enough to take another step only of her need to overwhelm her and a short spurt spattered audibly against the floor.

A soft whine escaped Mohr’s lips as she gritted her teeth. One stray drop trailed down her inner thigh. Then another. A small trickle flicked off as she shivered. Briefly the flow stopped but it was clear to the both of them that any moment the lilac haired mi’qote’s black boots would receive a premature washing. And not one that would leave them smelling nice.

With a defeated sigh Mohr threw all caution to the wind. She charged toward the restroom flinging her pack off the process. A clear jet of liquid followed in her wake as her tired muscles gave out completely.

G’trihmin went to retrieve the pack which had slid a surprisingly long way down the corridor. She gave most unladylike grunt, its heavy weight catching her off guard. How does she carry this thing so easily? Arriving back at the restroom, G’trihmin found the door wide ajar. Mohr sat on the toilet still fully clothed with as a torrent poured into the bowl beneath her. She breathed deeply eyes closed lips slightly parted as the tension wracking her body drained away.

“I’ll, uh, I’ll just leave this here.” Mohr shot G’trihmin a mortified look and buried her face in her arms as the latter placed the pack in the restroom. Eyeing the mess in the corridor and restroom floor, G’trihmin shut the door and headed back into the tavern proper. The familiar tall elezen Mother Mioune greeted G’trihmin from behind the bar as she approached.

“A pot of shroud tea for you?” the proprietress asked in her customary welcoming fashion.

“Actually, could I get a mop? My friend tracked mud all over back there.”

Mother Mioune smiled appreciatively. “You shouldn’t have to do that. I’d do it myself but I’m too busy right now. I can get one of the staff to do it in a little while.”

“We’ll do it ourselves. It’s our fault there’s a huge mess.”

“Alright I’ll get one for you.” G’trihmin took the mop Mother Mioune gave hear and cleaned up the corridor before knocking on the restroom door.

“One minute!” The door finally opened to reveal Mohr now freshly changed into a new skirt and presumably underwear. Seeing the mop in G’trihmin’s hands her eyes widened with fear. “You didn’t tell anyone did you?”

“I just said you tracked mud everywhere.”

“Thank you.” Mohr breathed out a sigh. “Will you keep this a secret please?”

“Sure. I’ll get us a table. There’s nothing like a fresh pot of shroud tea to make you feel better.”

Mohr took the mop and bucket with a smile. “Then I’ll look forward to it.”

*002*2020-05-29 05:55

Author's Note:

This chapter is exposition heavy and adds a bit to the FFXIV story that was never in the game. There is no wetting in this chapter, merely some observed desperation towards the second half.

It is, however, plot relevant for later.

Chapter II: Fool

“So after I visit the Archers’, Lancers’, and Conjurers’ guilds, Parsemontret will show me around the markets before I head over to The Bannock to meet with instructor Galfrid?” Mohr ticked off the items on her fingers as she listed off the instructions she had received from Mother Mioune. The tall elezen woman smiled pleasantly as she nodded affirmative.

“Now that you’re officially a part of the Addventurers’ Guild. I think he’ll find you a great help, but it’s a good idea to familiarize yourself with Gridania first. The master merchant can be...uncooperative at times, so be sure to offer him one of my famous eel pies. Like so many men, he is much more charitable when his stomach is full. So be sure you don’t eat it by accident.”

“I won’t.” Mohr’s excitedly uttered her assurances.

“My house is near The Bannock, I can show you how to get there,” added G’trihmin.

“Really? Thank you! Are you sure?”

“It’s no trouble. G’trihmin sipped at her tea. “I have some shopping to do later so do you want to meet up at the market?”

Mohr nodded happily. Hoisting her heavy pack easily onto her back she practically skipped out of the tavern.

“She sure seemed to get over that quickly,” remarked G’trihmin as she set her tea cup back down.

“Over what?” Mother Mioune inquired.

“It’s personal. Something happened to her on her way here to Gridania.”

“I think it’s that’s she happy she has someone she can count as friend. After all it’s only been a few moons since you arrived yourself. You know what it’s like being a new adventurer in a place where you don’t know anyone.”

“She does remind me of me when I first came,” admitted G’trihmin. A fond smile crossed her face as she remembered arriving wearing exactly the same style of outfit that Mohr was. She chuckled in amusement remembering how badly the red skirt clashed with her red fur. Since then she’d taken to trying new outfits all the time before settling on a green coat and white skirt. Paying for the tea, G’trihmin went to go use the restroom and then wandered off to take care of her errands.

Meanwhile unbeknownst (see what I did there?) to the citizens of Gridania, or indeed to any citizen of the three great city-states of the Aldenaard continent, a secret meeting was taking place within a great complex of black metal. Magitek machinery hummed and whirred occasionally accompanied a great hiss of steam. But none of that could be seen within the observation room. A gathering of five men dressed in form fitting black plate armor stood at attention. Even their very faces were covered with masks made of the exact same metal.

Alone with the armored men stood a single figure wearing a wide lab coat with a manic grin plastered on his face. These six men watched through the one way glass as an armored soldier and a restrained female prisoner appeared to do nothing other than simply stare at each other. But what appeared to be nothing was anything but.

“Any second now, any second.” The man in the lab coat cackled gleefully.

“It better work this time Hailand. You know the consequences.” One of the men in armor responded gravely. Only a slight elaboration in the decorative shaping of his armor differentiated him from his similarly garbed brethren.

The man in the lab coat waved a hand dismissively. “Fear not captain. My pathogen spreads by air, by water. The enemies of the Garlean will quake in their boots, their strength lost while our Garlean soldiers will remain entirely unaffected.”

“For your sake, I hope you’re right.”

And so they waited, observers watching closely as the test subjects simply sat there. And waited. And waited. Still the armored guard seemed entirely unaffected, as he should be. The problem was that the prisoner too didn’t appear harmed. Where she should have been becoming lethargic instead she remained alert. Indeed her movement increased over time as she began to fidget, an uncomfortable expression appearing on her face. She shouted something at the armored guard who relayed it to the captain with a communicator.

“She’s demanding a break so she can relieve herself?” A pregnant pause descended upon the observation room as the captain confirmed the relayed message. The prisoner was clearly staring into the observation room now trying to get their attention as she tugged pointedly and ineffectually at the restraints binding her.

“This is just a ploy.” Hailand stated smugly. However a stray drop of sweat betrayed his nervousness.

After listening to another report from the guard in the testing room. The captain wordlessly drew a pistol from its holster and simply shot Hailand through the head. The now lifeless lab coated man crashed to the floor, the sound thunderous in the room ringing only with the echoes of the gunshot.

“Escort the prisoner to the restroom. She will be placed under Nero’s command as promised. Honestly I have no idea why he agreed to this nonsense.”

“It must be so he had an excuse to finally off the crackpot,” contributed one of the subordinates. Meanwhile in the testing chamber the guard had begun to release the prisoner from the chair she had been strapped to. His aim remained trained on her the entire process and although her legs were freed, her hands remained bound in front of her. Clambering awkwardly to her feet and quite gave herself a quick squeeze between her legs as best she could with her bound hands.

Shaking his head at the absurdness of the whole scenario the captain led his squad out of the observation room to release the testees. "This is why magitek is so much better than wasting time and resources with fools and their stupidity."

