Analysis of g spot express pee scene

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-02-20 01:25

Before any moderators judge I have a question about a scene from a TV show in terms of how realistic it is. I don't want to do what is shown in the TV scene. This post is just to ask a question only!!!

I was recently going over a scene in the tv show G-spot express. In the hentai show G-spot express, the main male dirtbag fondling various women causes a female detective with blue hair to piss herself. The detective was bursting first thr bathroom but little did she know she was thr dirtbag's next victim.

He approached her and began putting his hand inside her skirt. He was playing with her vagina while was bursting to pee and also pushed her bladder into a hand railing on the train. Eventually, she ended up wetting herself. I have always wondered how that is possible or is that just unrealistic just for making some guys get a boner? Not sure.

*002*2023-02-20 18:32

So its not realistic but it's just for the sake of the show to make guys have bigger boners if its overly dramatized and made exaggerated nonsense. Okay. I do feel bad for the detective and not so sympathetic to the guy doing it. I guess the logic is that some guys are heartless pervs.

*005*2023-02-22 16:00

What about the part whereby the detective says she could end up pissing herself if she moves? This was after the guy pulls on her blue underwear and let's it small her on herself. It's like pulling and letting go of a rubber band. Would she have pissed if she moved?

*007*2023-02-25 23:08

What about the part about not moving or she will pee?

