Nude, Bursting, Drenched, and Afraid

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-05-30 03:26

Summary: A female sunbathing outside is treated to a rude awakening from inside herself and externally. Without alternative and no entry into her home, her only recourse is the most uncomfortable choice.

Title: Nude, Bursting, Drenched, and Afraid

Comments: This is my first time involving weather.

Characters:

1. Constance Corianders-Smith

2. Gayle Newhardt

Plot: It was hot and humid, and yet a wash with turquoise and the absence of cloud cover. The weather suitable for boating, swimming, beach-going, etc., And it was certainly a beautiful day for our main protagonist Constance Corianders-Smith. She was a successful and sexy 45-year old real estate agent, the best in her area. She currently resided in her luxury home surrounded by the wilderness, some trees and open space. It was nearby a cliff top over looking the ocean.

It was a two story house with a large living room. Her home had a garage for her two cars; her work vehicle provided by her company, and her personal Rolls Royce. There were two large bathrooms and a roomy kitchen, two upstairs bedrooms, an attic, a cellar, and a balcony. It was a Saturday and forecasted to be a beautiful cloudless day and night. The jet stream was said to be right up north of the setting of this story. That meant the forecasted storm was blowing by far north from here.

Every summer, Constance took the time to relax for herself in the warm summer weather. She enjoyes boating, swimming, and most of all nude sunbathing on her balcony. Since her balcony was opposite the driveway, she knew no one would know she was all-natural. Except for her house keeper whom she trusted since she entered the industry. That being Gayle Newhardt. Gayle was a foreigner legally in America and her skill was in house keeping.

She was trustworthy and responsible, and that was something Constance looked for. During the interview, Constance knew right away they would hit it off as client and employee. Gayle found work immediately which she was relieved. Plus, after a few months they became good friends and over the years, bffs. They could talk about anything. And Gayle thought it normal for her client to sunbath nude. After all, she came from a country where that was normal.

Today was as usual. 7 am meant rising and shining for morning exercise with coffee. Then, a good shower followed by a healthy breakfast with milk and orange juice in onky her robe. Two hours later Gayle showed up for her the usual. She dusted, cleaned, and arranged the laundry. While Constance did believe in maintenance, she didn't want to do too much as she didn't want to take away from what Gayle did.

Constance finished reading her novel on female self discovery, love, romance, and sex (non-pornographic type, no porn star stuff). She wasn't into porn and playboy garbage. By 10:30 am, Constance began looking into real estate news and stay up to date for the next week. It also meant doing some additional research for a few clients. She always came prepared for work.

By 11 am, she began putting sun tan lotion on herself. She wanted to be ready for her date with the sun. And that meant being ready for all those uv rays. It started to get a little windy but that said to be expected. What she couldn't reach Gayle was trusted with. Though Constance wad the client, yet Gayle saw a thing of beauty when viewing her sexy client without her robe for putting sun tan lotion. It was tempting but Gayle was more professional to give in.

By 11:30 am, she began making her lunch. It usually consisted of home-cooked shrimp and chicken salad with fish. She always drank fruit punch with her meal and made a lot of it. The whole point is to enjoy not just pleasures of the taste buds but to enjoy a good nap for her sunbathing in peace. And afterwards, she felt well rested plus well soaked in vitamin c.

She cooked this meal herself instead of Gayle. It normally took an hour which wasn't trouble at all. And by the time it was ready to eat, Constance didn't waste a moment. Gayle also took the time to eat her salad too. She was a vegetarian. After about 30 minutes, Constance finished her meal, put the dishes in the sink, and went upstairs.

She was full as usual from all the food and the fruit punch. She always ate and drank a lot to be full and sluggish for her nap. It would be a trouble at first, but she would fall asleep. Later when she would awake, she would lay there before it hit her. Her bladder would need relief and the desperation would hit her. She was getting older and it would start to affect at some point.

But for now, it was time to sleep. Gayle knew the drill. She continued her work, and from time to time, admire her client. Constance knew and wouldn't mind when it was Gayle and Gayle alone. Constance has full faith in Gayle not to steal or do anything unholy. At first, Constance disrobed completely being only in her sexy, shiny skin, well-lotioned skin.

She was vulnerable for her date above shining brightly. It was becoming cloudy with puffy white harmless clouds. Constance figured these were just natural outer bands or regular summer clouds. They were sparse and fast moving so what was the issue. Even Gayke figured everything was fine. Gayle continued her house keeping and by around 2 pm, she checked the refrigerator. It was time to buy the usual groceries.

So as per usual, she left a note stating she was out at the super market. She got to her car and drove off. She did make sure the gates were securely locked and the front door also locked. Gayle also put Constance's cell phone on the night stand near the entrance to the balcony. And she did leave the balcony door open. Everything seemed to be going well. Constance was showered with the radiance of the sun.

She was a sight to behold but only for herself and Gayle. Her skin glistened as sweat began to accumulate. In addition, vitamin c was being absorbed by her beautiful and healthy mid-40 skin. Constance did turn onto her belly at times, but usually she was on her back. No clothes, no panties, no thong, no brazier, no bathing suit, and no foot wear. She was completely naked.

Sometimes, she wondered if Gayle (age 32 years old and also gorgeous) would make a move on her. But they both knew as long as she was the employee and herself as the client, nothing would happen. And besides, Gayle was paid very well by the agency thanks to Constance.

Constance enjoyed this so much she didn't care if she had a small accident on her beach chair. Once she was asleep, that's it. The wind began to pick up slightly and steadily but nothing serious. Right? More clouds rolled in, covering more of the awe-inspiring turquoise sky. But it was still a blue sky regardless. Gayle enjoyed driving to and from Constance's house for it was peaceful and quiet.

The weather man spoke over the radio stating the jet stream had come down south a little. But only a mile. Gayle still felt everything was fine. The storm shouldn't cause much of a raucous. Fast forward to 4:30 pm .... Constance still lay in her beach chair and finally waking up. "Hmmmmm ... mm-mm-mmm ..." She moaned.

She still lay there sleepy and groggy. Her stomach and intestines finally processing what's left. It was another 20 minutes before she began opening her eyes (4:50pm). The darkness that allowed her to day dream in the confines of her mind gave way to the light of the outside world. After a few movements of her eyelids, she finally opened them.

The light that penetrated her eyes, bright at first, dimmed a gray green color, then a charcoal color. She was confused by this lack of vibrant scenery. "What's this? Where is the blue and yellow summer sky?" Constance wondered. After a couple of seconds, her vision came to focus. Her eyes and mind finally took in the world, and it wasn't expected.

It appeared dark with storm clouds hanging low and winds blowing through the trees with an ominous warning of what was to come. Birds chirped frantically and flew away. Animals burrowed underneath, and the weather vane moved cacaphonously. The wind chimes rattled erratically too.

Constance couldn't believe what she saw. "It was supposed to be a beautiful day today. What's this about?" She sat up brining her knees closer to her. She looked all around her and stared up the sky. She began to hear some rumbling in the sky which made her quiet and stiff. Motionless with fear was she. What was this growling of the night sky?

Perhaps it was a plane. Planes do light up the sky with the sounds of their engines and piercing the medium of thr air. Suddenly, a loud boom could be heard which startled Constance. Perhaps it was a sonic boom from a jet. But then ........ she saw what it was. An ominous tentacle of light arked between two points in the clouds.

Her eyes widened with fear and realization. She knew what this meant. The summer sky gave way from peace and tranquility to chaos, anger, and no mercy. It was the aforementioned thunder storm to the north. It was more south than predicted. She got up and ran for her bedroom. But alas .....

Constance saw only the brown wall of her bedroom door. She ran to open it by turning the knob. But it only moved a millimeter in both direction, never fully turning either way. Again, she frantically turned and jostled the knob. No avail. Another boom sounded off closer and louder than before, the sky lit up more bright than before. But the light show only brought more warning and danger.

Suddenly, she bent forward keeping her legs close together. Her hands immediately went between her legs covering her crotch. She winced as her desperation hit her like a ton of bricks. She had to urinate as per usual and now. All that fluid and food plus her breakfast and coffees came to bite her. One coffee came from 7 am while the other two came from reading her novel.

Most people would feel it soon but she could wait some hours, and especially since she was older now. For some reason coffee didn't move as quickly as before. Back to the situation. She winced and whimpered fighting off a wave of desperation that plagued her urethra exit. All her pent up urine wanted out. She began banging on the door calling for Gayle to open it.

"Open up Gayle .... come on open the door!". No response came from within. Bewildered and scared, she banged on the door and called for Gayle again. And again no response. Again, Constance stiffened her body fighting off another wave of desperation. She banged on the door and called out to her house keeper in a strained voice. Again, no one answered.

"What the crud? Where is she? Did she fall and hit her head or is she just not listening on purpose?". Constance couldn't understand what was happening and why. It seemed all of a sudden, the universe was upset with her and brought her to an alternate dimension for punishment over something.

###

I will post more tomorrow and right where the story left off. Good night everyone!

*001*2022-05-30 18:28

Back to the story at hand. Constance jiggled the door knob but to her dismay it wouldn't open. "What the **? What's going on here? Why is the door closed? And where is my house keeper?" Constance exclaimed. Another flash lit up the sky and the surrounding environment, more bright than before. Constance crouched down in fear and closed her eyes for a second. Her whole body and the house also lit up a white color for a split half-second.

It was now 4:54 pm and still no word from Gayle. Here she was, alone and locked outside her bedroom. And to top it off, the heavens were about unleash a torrent. Constance was naked and afraid for her life, on top of dangerously ready to urinate on herself. "Nnnnnnnnnnggghh! .... mmmmmmmmm o damn it why now. I have to go so badl-(gasp)". Another loud boom roared and so loud the house vibrated.

She frozed suddenly from a cool sensation upon her head. She carefully looked up at the darkening sky. She se nothing but the dark shade of charcoal ever blackening. She could see nothing as the darkness kept blanketing the view of any light from the once radiant sun. Then, she felt another fleeting sensation of cool wetness. Then another and another, and another.

And finally, the dam burst. All of a sudden as if without warning, Constance, her balcony, her house, and everywhere were awash with the incessant assault of wet bullets. It was rain falling at great speeds covering the ground with water in mass droves. It was a flash flood. The sky finally opened up as thunder boomed and lightning flashed without end.

Constance screamed for dear life as she feared for what seemed as though was the wrath of something. Thunder crackled as arc upon arc of lightning touched down. At the same time, she had a jumpscare which almost led to a full-on unleashing of another floodgate below her abdomen. The heavens kept roaring above while Cosntance kept her one hand on her crotch, swaying her knees side ways and banging on the door with the other hand.

"GAYLE, GAYLE, OPEN UP. OPEN THIS DOOR AAAHHHH....". She spurted into her hand. It was a one second spurt but her wave of desperation wasn't. The pressure accumulated near her exit hole and the pressure was unbearable. It was still rising. Another loud boom made her jump again and a drop escaped her.

"GAYLE OPEN UP NOW OR YOU'RE SO DONE HERE. YOU CANT LEAVE ME OUT HERE. GAAAAYYYYYLLLLLLEEEE!" Constance cried out. She bent forward against the door and double crossed her right leg around her left one. "Aaaahhh!" She screamed as the thunder boomed and lightning cast its light upon her. She banged on the door again and again. But to no avail. She couldn't understand why this?

Where was her trusted house keeper/friend? Did she leave her or just didn't care for some reason? And why? What has she done to deserve this? Or did something happen to her. Constance did see the note about going to the supermarket. Was she held up? But there was no way to know. The phones were inside the house. And so was her robe.

It was now 5:05 pm and still no word. The winds howled, thunder boomed loudly and lightning shown brightly. She was naked and afraid, drenched, and bursting. She bobbed up and down, wincing and moaning from doing everything possible to hold it in. She didn't want to urinate out here on her balcony. After all, her urine could end up traveling inside her home if the door ever opened.

*002*2022-05-30 20:20

Constance kept banging on the door and calling out to Gayle. But her voice was more strained due to fighting her urge to empty her bladder. She was already wet from the rain and didn't want to sully herself or her balcony with her liquid waste. She kept her one hand in her crotch while the other pressed against her immovable door.

Constance jumped as yet another loud boom permeated the atmosphere. It shook the whole house and the ground, and Constance could feel it beneath her feet. "Damn it where is my house keeper? I'm gonna kill her when she gets back. OPEN UP GAYLE OPEN-... oh gawd I have (gasp) .......". Another small drop escaped her. She was in serious danger of wetting herself.

Again she pounded on the balcony door, calling in her strained voice. But it was still no use. Gayle wasn't in the house or didn't care to listen. Now the weather became even more violent as now several loud deafening booms and multiple flashes of light violently burst into existence. Some so loud it seemed this monstrosity was preparing for its direct assault upon her.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa" she screamed incessantly. She banged on the door, then stopped. The violence above continued. She kept one leg wrapped around the other, shivering with cold water drenching her as well as her stiff demeanor trying not to urinate.

Screaming in a strained voice, and now silently from fear of being so vulnerable and surrounded by this storm as well as being unable to properly breath from holding in her abdomen. She winced as she strained her urethra muscles to keep shut. The winds blew by so strong, at one point she lost her footing. She spurted another two drops, which seemed through her fingers and fell to the ground.

Maybe her balcony floor was dampened with her urine or fell off the sides with the rain water. She was in serious danger of wetting herself. Again she screamed as a bolt of lightning struck her plastic chair. Luckily, the legs of the chair were rubber. But next time she might not be so lucky. She swayed her legs side to side, while rubbing her thighs with her left hand. This hand hadn't been in her crotch.

The rain kept assaulting her sexy nude body, drenching it and preparing it for what possibly might be the strike of her life. She pounded on her balcony door and began to crouch down as she could no longer hold it. Constance was scared and alone, and began crying in fear as she prepared for death. At last her need to urinate became so strong from all the pent up liquids, and the fear adding to her flight response, she had to let it go.

Another really loud boom and light strike that struck the side of her house near the balcony frightened her even more. That was the last straw. She flinched backwards back into the door behind her. Her legs were far apart and her crotch close enough to the ground. Her hands were pulled away from each other and touched the door behind her. In this flinching action, she accidentally began urinating on her balcony.

She could feel herself unleashing her torrential downpour onto her balcony floor. She tried to stop it, but she was gasping for air, suffering from a mini 1-second heart jump sensation. Despite slowing it to a small tiny stream leaving her exit hole, it was all too much and she just couldn't hold it anymore. Seeing no pottery or bowl, she just let it loose. She began urinating and relaxing her urethra muslces completely. For a whole 60 seconds she urinated without end.

She gasped for air and terrified for her life. She pleaded for mercy in her mind that the storm doesn't claim her life. "Whatever I have done I'm sorry for it. I won't do it again." She thought. Next thing she felt was herself almost falling backwards. By this point, her stream was a trickle and her buttocks were dripping with urine. No longer was her crotch and buttock areas nearby seeing streams falling off then to the balcony floor.

She yelped as she almost fell backwards. Luckily, her urine went with the current of the tain water off her balcony. But the bottoms of her feet might have been sullied. Constance turned around to see Gayle who pulled her inside. Gayke shut the door and brought a towel to her client. Constance was shocked, then appalled to see her house keeper. She stood up, and with this angry, wide eyed look on her face approached her house keeper.

"Where the HELL have you been?". Gayle was taken aback by the question. "Excuse-"

"Don't give me that attitude. You know damn well what I asked you. Where were you?" Constance exclaimed and with authority. Gayle replied "I was at the grocery store-"

"This whole time?that was more than 3 hours ago. And on top of that you shut the door to my balcony and bedroom? Who gave you the right, and lock me out too. I can't believe you. I almost got electrocuted. I'm soaking wet and I just pissed myself outside and probably still dripping with piss. I couldn't leave that hell hole outside because someone shut that door (pointing to her door to the balcony) and it sure as he'll wasn't me. I was asleep. If I'm not mistaken I don't sleep walk GAYLE!".

Gayle was surprised by this. She had no idea how to explain how the door could have been shut. "That's it. You're done here. I thought I could trust you but clearly I can't. You nearly got me killed"

"Wait. I never closed your door. Check the cameras. They will show you. And I wasn't lying about being at the grocery store. There were long lines at the register and self checkout. Plus there was an accident at the intersection that leads to your home. I wasn't allowed to leave until police gave the okay" but she was cut short.

"You expect me to believe these vile excuses?"

"They aren't excuses! Check your cameras!" Constance was furious and went over to her laptop to check them. After a few minutes, she was able to access the footage and saw the whole thing for today's video camera, and especially the one nearby the balcony. In the end, while she did see when Gayle left and came back, she had to then check the balcony to see what happened. It showed Gayle wad telling the truth. The winds picked up and shut door. It jammed the lock and kept it closed.

Constance was now awash with regret and remorse for accusing her most trusted house keeper of almost letting her die. Her lips shook as she was angry and didn't want to let go of it from calling out but not receiving any answer nor did she want to be angry for something Gayle couldn't be responsible for. She began to cry and fell to her knees. Gayle came over and knelt beside her client. She put her arm around Constance and they sat there all while the storm kept raging on.

Later on, Constance took a shower as Gayle cleaned up the floors just in case. Constance mentioned she urinated outside and thought may be her feet weren't clean, and possibly dripping from her crotch. Afterwards, Constance allowed Gayle to stay the night while she dressed in only her robe. She apologized to Gayle and promised to not ever make such horrible accusations, and not to fire her. Constance chose to make a plan to sunbath only when Gayle was around.

Constance cleaned her bath tub, the door to her balcony. And the balcony grounds and below the next day. Gayle willingly helped. It was much nicer that next day. No storms period. Although she didn't sunbath. But she did get to swim in her indoor pool. Gayle was offered but she kept it professional.

*003*2022-05-31 03:01

Hope you all liked this story. It was original and again, not transferred from another pee forum website, like my fiction Isolated Desperation. Please leave a like or comment below and have a great evening.

