Starcraft: War Drenched Stars

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2022-07-05 05:52

Starcraft:

War Drenched Stars

Author's Note:

I'm still working on my game and have made significant progress towards all the plugins I need for it, mostly relating to implementing and displaying custom parameters. Either way, it's a work in progress and won't be coming out any time soon.

This particular story is something that I was inspired to write in a day. There will most likely be updates to it, just not on a regular or consistent basis.

This story is originally inspired by:

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/61570-xcom-war-of-the-chosen/

I enjoyed XCOM: War of the Chosen and recommend it. Fair warning about the messing though.

I chose Starcraft for War Drenched Stars partially to avoid stepping on herrokitty's toes. (I was originally planning on doing something based off of XCOM: Enemy Within rather than XCOM 2. Partially because I never actually played XCOM 2, and partially because XCOM: Enemy Within is a pun. Read my sig if further explanation is necessary.) Ultimately, I ended up settling on Starcraft not only because it sidesteps the issue entirely, but I really used to enjoy playing Starcraft. All of them.

Differences to note are that War Drenched Stars does not include messing. Possibly as a mention or an aside, but not a focus. Also the fact that War Drenched Stars focuses rarely on diaper usage. (Hence the lack of a tag.)

War Drenched Stars is set in the Starcraft series universe decades after the events of Legacy of the Void. This isn't so obvious or even relevant for the first chapter but will come into play later on in the future.

As always, comments and criticisms are welcome.

Enjoy.

Chapter I: Respect

Commodore Felicity Snell had a problem. Or rather, she had a lot of problems. Her age was a problem. Holding the rank of commodore in her early thirties made her one of the younger officers to hold the rank in the Dominion Fleet. Not the youngest by far, there were true prodigies out there or those who had pulled strings. Still, early thirties definitely made her one of the younger ones for a rank with an average advancement age in the forties. Her continuous and action filled career since commissioning did little to mitigate others seeing her as immature for such a position. But her age was not her biggest problem.

Her fatigue was a problem. This particular briefing had drug on nearly four hours already thanks to continuous interruptions and constant tangents from the ‘Softies’ as they were known. The disparaging nickname belonged to those highly ranked officers had spent their entire careers in the Core Worlds, away from the constant conflict of the Fringe relying on the longevity of their careers or connections to attain authority over everyone else. Having to stand in teleconference for such an extended period was beginning to make Felicity feel weak in the legs. But her fatigue was not her biggest problem.

Her biggest problem was that she couldn’t leave the meeting to use the restroom. Only the higher ranked admirals dared to do that. She doubted even her commanding officer Rear Admiral Steed would attempt such a move. Anyone below them would at least be looked down upon if not held in lower esteem until the leadership forgot about it.

Above the console Felicity appeared serene and composed with her long auburn hair framing the elegant poker face she’d cultivated for official events such as these. Below the lip of the console Felicity had one leg crooked, resting on the ledge that ran around the bottom of the table. Otherwise, her thigh gap prevented her from pressing her legs together.

“And now we move on to the next item on the agenda, the escort for Emperor Markosian’s peace talks with Hierarch Artanis.”

“Back in my day…”

Felicity couldn’t help suppressing a sigh of frustration as what should have been a simple assignment of roles once again devolved into unnecessarily long anecdotes and wanton petitioning to be a part of such a well propagandized operation. It didn’t matter to her. She would undoubtedly remain under Steed fighting a stalemated war with the various rogue Zerg broods contesting Overqueen Zagara’s control. The Dominion didn’t really care as long as the Zerg remained contained outside Dominion space and so they could only defend, unable to make headway into the growing adversaries while receiving only minimal reinforcements from Fleet Command.

Her attention drifted away from the inane conversation towards the insistent pressure building beneath the tight waisted skirt. Felicity’s hips swayed the other way as she switched feet. There was no one else in the room with her, but she still wanted to remain surreptitious. Just because there was no one else in the room, didn’t mean there was no one watching her. She knew a Dominion Military Enforcement Agent had her on feed. The organization in charge of implementing and ensuring policy adherence belonged to its own command.

The thought of someone watching her squirm like a little girl made her feel uncomfortable. Not that she felt very comfortable at the moment regardless. Felicity had to shift her weight again squeezing her thighs together until the sensation died down. Looking around at the others in the teleconference for signs of one of the higher ups speaking up about ending the meeting revealed no luck. A rear admiral Felicity had seen growing particularly antsy now looked remarkably calmer and slightly red faced.

Did they use a diaper? Diaper use wasn’t uncommon in the Dominion Military and in fact mandated in certain circumstances. Felicity didn’t wear a diaper for three reasons. First, she found her soft, lacy undergarments very comfortable. Second, even the smallest pull up diapers made a very obvious and embarrassing deformation in the hip hugging skirt. Third, the fact that she didn’t earned her an additional measure of respect from her crew.

Most shipboard officers, and personnel in general, didn’t bother with such undergarments unless they had a particularly long time commitment such as a watch. Even then, most avoided doing so if possible.

“Where do you think you’re going Smalls?” One of the vice admirals called out a middle aged commodore who had just stepped away from their console.

“I’m going to use the restroom, sir. I’ll be right back.”

The vice admiral waved his magnanimously, but the condescending leer on his face gave away his true feelings. “Well go on then, run along to the little girl’s room. You can rejoin the adults after.”

A very embarrassed Smalls fled the derisive laughter leaving her section of the virtual conference empty. Felicity’s mental and bladder winced sympathetically, the latter causing her to repeatedly step in place for some seconds before settling again. Beneath the desk Felicity gently pressed a hand against the front of her skirt hoping the meeting wouldn’t go on for too much longer.

After the Smalls incident no one dared to leave the meeting. Felicity started seeing some red faces and suddenly calm movements, most likely belonging to those who had worn and used diapers. At this point Felicity wished she could do the same. But then again there was no way she could have predicted that the meeting would drag on for this long. Normally long meant two, maybe three hours. Now pushing four, a couple of the vice admirals and admirals had taken breaks while many more lower ranked individuals clearly also needed one.

“What’s that sound?” The admiral yammering on about his grandfather’s minor role in the End War paused at the sound of spattering liquid. The perpetrator hung her head in shame as she wet herself.

Ah, screw it. Felicity blushed, lifting the hem of her skirt so she could press her hand against her underwear as her bladder cried out anew for relief. Only the DMEA could see her. But the embarrassment still made her let go once the worst had subsided although she allowed her legs to wiggle now that she’d already given away her predicament to whoever was watching her.

Felicity barely paid any attention to the ensuing debacle and promise of later punishment instead studiously fighting back against the ever present pressure with as subtle movements as possible. Over time however her movements were growing decidedly less subtle.

Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out. Felicity settled into a rhythm trying to pace herself. But every second that ticked by her leg muscles, usually still passable from long periods spent on her feet checking in personally on ship’s operation, felt weaker and weaker from having to compensate for her tiring sphincter.

Is there really nothing I can do? What had turned from occasional shifts to subdued squirming had already progressed to constant stepping back and forth punctuated by periods of standing cross legged and the occasional hand squeeze. Felicity dared not bob or do something attention grabbing. But she had to do something. If she left, she would end up with a punishment. If she stayed, she would end up with a wet uniform and a punishment.

Felicity bit back a yelp as her seal finally broke. She hoisted the hem of her skirt fingers clutching at her lacy underwear once more. She managed to pinch off the flow with only the bottom of her underwear slightly dampened. Enough that she could feel it. She hastily lowered her skirt again no longer pressing against the front of it for fear of damaging it. Her hips constantly swayed side to side.

Another spurt. But this one ended with a quick bob. She didn’t even need to use her hands. But the dampened area had spread enough that she could feel it on her inner thighs. The small victory gave her more confidence in her ability to hold.

I have to hold it. I can hold it. I will hold it. Please, just don’t let it get any worse… But Felicity’s internal begging did little to stave off her body’s needs. A short while later another spurt led to drops trailing down her legs. This time she had no choice about hoisting up her skirt and using her hand to stop the flow.

Felicity tried to remove her hand again only for the feeling of releasing to grow barely checked. Only by returning the hand between her legs did she manage to keep her need at bay. Or, limit the damage at least. Even with both hands she still could not stop intermittent trickling from her saturated underwear.

The console winked out. At first Felicity didn’t notice, too preoccupied with her predicament. When she first realized elation flooded her entire body followed by panic as she almost flooded her underwear. She took a shaky step nearly losing it entirely.

Now without the higher ups watching over her Felicity bounced and contorted freely. Whatever would save what remained of dignity. Whatever would buy her the time needed to get to the restroom.

I’m… not going to make it. The realization hit her the moment before she lost control entirely. Felicity quickly spread her legs lifting her skirt up and out of the way of the waterfall pouring onto the metal floor beneath her and splashing against her boots and legs. The warmth of her body from exerting herself for so long was gradually replaced by a growing warmth between her legs.

As the stream finally died down and she caught her breath the warmth between her legs was gradually replaced by her body warming up with embarrassment. But embarrassment wouldn’t keep her from her duties, or more importantly at the moment, from changing before anyone learned of her shame. Anyone other that the DME anyways. And they remained tight lipped unless someone deserved a reprimand or punishment.

They won’t force me into diapers will they? Felicity tried to recall the undergarment policy as she wiped the stray trails and drops away before settling her skirt back into place. Normally she never worried about the policy because normally she was in no danger of wetting herself. Everyone started cleared for whatever undergarments they wanted to wear. That clearance would grow more and more restricted as punishment until earned back. The severity of the punishment depended greatly on the particular job.

After a moment of contemplation, Felicity determined that she would at most receive a reprimand. She didn’t know how many accidents she could have before her undergarments began being restricted.

If I never have another accident, it’ll never become a problem. With that encouraging thought Felicity straightened her back and headed out into the corridor. I’m the captain of a battlecruiser, not a little girl. Today was just an unfortunate event. If it ever happens again, I’ll be prepared. There won’t be a next time.

Felicity confidently strode down the corridor intent on getting back to the normal patrols she’d had to put on hold for the meeting. But only after she replaced her soaked underwear.

*002*2022-07-08 19:26

Thank you. I appreciate the sentiment even if the next chapter is continually delayed by my spare time being taken up by my extremely slow coding. (I may have implemented custom variables, but I still have to actually display them, create a custom status menu with changing character images, create a custom stat allocation menu, create a tactical battle system... it's a bit of a process lol.)

