Desperate Descension

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-03-05 17:36

Summary: A young woman and her boyfriend end up stuck on a ferris wheel. The woman is doing all she can to keep dry as her desperation increases. As always, disaster strikes when the limit is reached.

Comments: This sequel is very short and focuses on the dilemma at hand.

Main characters:

- Xenobia Watson - main protagonist to suffer from pee desperation

- Xander Xavier - boyfriend of the main protagonist

Plot: Today was the 4th of July, 2021. It had been over a year since the covid19 pandemic struck, but now it was dying down in the USA. More and more people became vaccinated and the number of deaths diminished signicantly since the outbreak. Of course, there were still CDC guidelines and mask wearing, but not strictly followed. Parks, museums, and other establishments opened up. Business was starting to boom again and the country returning to normal.

Today was a sunny day and not a cloud in sight. It was hot and humid with a little breeze. There was a high UV index. But none of that stopped anyone from having a great time. That included Xenobia Watson. It had been a long time since she dated anyone. The pandemic also made it feel as though forever went by. Now things were different. She didn't have to wear a mask and no longer had to gather illegally to meet fine young men.

Six months after her accident in her apartment elevator (Desperate Ascension), she met Xander (pronounced Zander) Xavier. He was a computer technician at the local Geek Squad and a graphic designer too. She met him at a convention held by a local tech company specializing in computer coding and security. They had taken the time to get to know each other and started dating. Their dating had been going on for the past several months.

They made plans for today to hang out and enjoy their first 4th of July. They went to the local burger/bar/grill, followed by having some fun at the amusement park. They played games such as throwing a ball to knock down cups, going inside the haunted mansion, a small basket ball arcade station, table hockey, rode the merry go round, bumper cars, lazer tag, and a few others.

From lunch time to about 3 pm, Xenobia constantly rehydrated herself. It was 101°F and the sun was very bright. Luckily, she applied sun tan lotion all over and wore a light fabric yellow-colored dress. By this point, Xenobia was desperate to use the bathroom as all that alcohol, soda juice, and water added up. It finally made itself known and she had to go.

"Xander, please excuse me. I just have to run to the ladies' room. I'll be back." Xenobia said. "Of course." Xander replied. Xenobia went for the nearest restrooms, only to find a queue. It was a long line that lasts for about a half hour. Xenobia tried the other restrooms but alas, only found long queues. Xenobia was now feeling a little worried and slightly more desperate.

To add to her nervousness, she wasn't sure how long she would have to wait. And she didn't want to keep her boyfriend waiting. So she rejoined her boyfriend. "Hey there is a chance to ride the ferris wheel. I would like to ride this with you. What do you think?" Xander asked. Xenobia, still mulling over her need to go had to take a moment. Then she answered "Sure, that's a great idea.".

Xenobia and Xander went online for the ferris wheel. Although it was a fifteen-minite wait before their turn, still Xenobia told herself it was worth it. 'Don't worry Xena, everything will be fine. Besides, it is only fifteen minutes. After the ride, you can try again.' Her desperation did grow to a little more than mild, between mild and high.

It was now 3:30 pm and Xenobia boarded the ferris wheel with Xavier. They strapped themselves inside the car, allowed the bar to fall in front of them, and waited for the ferris wheel to run. One of the workers was arguing with the supervisor. The supervisor ignored the concerns of the workers and signaled for the ferris wheel to start.

Xenobia and Xander enjoyed the first three rounds of rising and falling as the ferris wheel made its rotations. There was some minor screeching noise, but everything seemed fine. Xenobia and Xander spoke their romantic feelings to each other. They also spoke about the view ahead. Nothing could be perfect than being together and without their masks. After all, they were by themselves in their wheel car.

The fourth round was the final round. Xenobia did feel her need to go and by this point she wanted to use the bathroom. Then, disaster struck. The ferris wheel suddenly stopped working. As if no rhyme or reason, the wheel chose to stop spinning. Worse off, Xenobia and Xander were sitting in the car positioned at the pinnacle of the ferris wheel. Many passengers became nervous and scared. There was no telling what was going to happen and if structural integrity of the ferris wheel was failing.

Xenobia and Xander felt nervous about this, especially since they were at the highest point above the ground. 'Oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh. I'm trapped high above the ground. If we fall, we die.' she thought. Xenobia curled up into a ball as best as possible. Her fear of heights and trying not to look down permeated her mind. Xander saw this fear and chose to comfort Xenobia.

"Xenobia don't worry they will get us down.". But all she could feel was worry and the fear of falling over as the ferris wheel tipped over on its side. Xenobia shuffled her feet, grabbed her skirt where her crotch was, and sat stiff with fear. For the next 30 minutes, Xenobia was doing all she could do to take her mind off falling to her death and having an accident. She thought of the wonderful day she had so far, shook her right leg rapidly, and just trying not to move.

Xander asked in concern as he noticed something has been bothering her since about 3 pm. It was now 4:45 pm, and something was making his woman feel out of sorts. "Xenobia what's wrong? Something is keeping you away from our day even before this disaster. Please talk to me."

Xenobia finally spilled the beans. "I have to pee. All that soda, alcohol, and juice is finally hitting me. I am very desperate and I need the bathroom. I couldn't go before since all the restrooms had a long line. It doesn't help me that I am very afraid which adds to my need. I didn't want to say anything while on line for the ferris wheel.".

"I wish you said something. You are more important than a ferris wheel ride. Don't worry. They will get us down."

It was now 5 pm and still nothing changed. She was significantly desperate and really needed the bathroom. 'What's taking them so long? I have to pee. Oh this urge it takes me back to when I was stuck in the elevator. Oh gawd I hated that.'. Xenobia just wanted to use the bathroom and instead she had to wait several feet above the ground. To her the crews working to get her down seemed to be just talking, not doing anything.

At last, fire trucks came with their ladders. Everyone high up on the ferris wheel felt the calvary had arrived. However, their hopes became dashed when the ladders couldn't reach the very top cars. Xenobia was becoming restless and annoyed. It was 5:25 pm, and still no closer to coming back down. And her desperation grew to serious levels. Her urethra throbbed as she tried to hold it. She rocked back and forth in her seat, shook her leg, held her crotch, etc.,

Nothing was working to get rid of her need to urinate. Xander felt her pain but there was nothing he could do. What could he make happen to help his gorgeous girlfriend? Nothing! And he knew it. Fast forward to 5:40 pm and Xenobia was severely desperate. She could not hold out any longer. She was wincing in pain as her urethra throbbed even worse. She just couldn't hold it. She tried rocking herself, shaking her leg even faster, rubbing her thighs hastily, holding her crotch tighter than before, etc., Everything she did was as though she was possessed.

At last, she just couldn't do it. Xenobia couldn't hold it. She shut eyes closed and relaxed. Xander didn't understand for a moment, although he was told to stand up a little. After 10 seconds his eyes widened as he realized what Xenobia was doing. She was urinating in her seat. Her bottom, legs, underwear, dress, and seat were becoming wet and saturated with her pent up, warm, golden-colored liquid. She stopped it halfway to save the rest for the restrooms.

Xander looked away in horror and to give Xenobia some sense of privacy. Xenobia spoke "I'm sorry for that. I hope none of it got on your side of thr car seat. I couldn't hold it. I understand if you're upset with me.". Xander replied "Well I am not thrilled and a little grossed out. That is just nasty but I understand. And my side is clean.". Just then, the ferris wheel started again. After 1 minute, Xenobia was down on the ground.

Greeted by first responders and the park staff, she spoke with embarrassment a d annoyance. "I am not fine. I was forced to piss myself while sitting next to my boyfriend. You guys should have checked your rides before this happened.". She was checked out by first responder, then she walked over to the nearest restrooms. She finished urinating, wiped herself up, and left. All she wanted now was to go home. Xander did exactly that. Xenobia took her shower and ate dinner alone.

She received a text from her boyfriend who stated he was sorry about things went. Xenobia replied that he didn't have to apologize. They still kept seeing each other, as this event didn't end their relationship.

