Crisis of a genie in desperation - Page 2

Author: Uroguy

*025*2023-04-09 15:09

....

Sapphire and company kept walking through the very hot and unbearable corridor. It was hot and sweaty, and at times dark. There were areas of blue torches but spread out over great distances. After about 90 minutes, Goro and Toan were fed up with Sapphire. "Excuse me Sapphire, this way hasn't led to anything substantial. Ruby clearly isn't here. Or if she was she isn't this way anymore."

Tulip intervened. "Sapphire knows his sister very well and he is the strongest." But Toan wasn't having it. "Thats great and all but with respect, and to Spphire. You knew Ruby from before but Ruby as she is now, we know her. It might be my fault for not going with her but what matters is finding her, not to prove how horrible or better you are. Right now we haven't found her at all. I will take over this mission to find her."

Sapphire took aback to this, asserting himself with great authority. "How dare you try to play brother to my sister-" "Sapphire look where we are. Where is your sister?". Sapphire was just about to get into it when foot stomps were heard from the distance. Toan looked to his right, his sword in hand ready for a fight. The foot steps became louder and louder as it came closer. Toan went ahead to look taking a torch off the side of the wall.

Using the torch as a light to see ahead. At first, nothing appeared until about 20 seconds later as red eyes appeared. Then, after another 1 minute the shape and form of thr monster came into view. Sapphire identified it at once. "Golem." Toan looked back and forward, thinking to himself. "Golem. What's that?" He thought. "Whoa that's a huge creature but I can take him." Komacho said. He chuckled as he was ready for a fight. Goro mentioned aloud. "That's a Golem and it's weakness is lightning element."

Toan and Goro switched over to lightning element. Sapphire launched a powerful charge attack at the Golem, effectively destroying it. "See mere mortal. That is why you dont challenge me and my family's power." "Is that what you believe?" Everyone turned around to see it was the Fairy King. "Sapphire you have the power and muscle as a genie. And the birthright status. But that won't save us from the Dark Genie."

"Humph! As if humility will keep us safe." Sapphire retorted. "It will keep us from becoming blind by power and status. That is what led to the Dsrk Genie in the first place." The Fairy King replied. Sapphire heard enough and replied back in a condescending manner. "I don't care what you think. I'm finding my sister on my own without the help of your so-called champion of light. The atlamillia stone should've been given to me! Things would have been dealt with already." He stormed off and continued into the darkness.

Tulip followed behind. Toan was surrounded by Goro and Komacho. "Don't worry about that jerk. What does he know? Besides, if he is so tough why doesn't he take on the Dark Genie?" Komacho said. "We have to find Ruby. Don't listen to him. You do what you think is right. You're the team leader." The Fairy King agreed with his friends and assured Toan he would have a better chance at finding Ruby.

"You're right. Thanks everyone." Toan said. He thought for a moment and chose to go forwards as going back is wasting time. The Fairy King teleported and left to secure Norune. And of course check on the other villages. Toan and company kept on walking and watching their intake of water. Meanwhile outside, no further attacks were reported. The village had been fully restored and everyone healed. Renee and Xiao waited for Toan.

Xiao took things seriously and knew if her brother was strong, so must she be. And look after their village. Look after their mother. Her slingshot was in hand and armed for anyone who exits Divine Beast Cave. She sat there ready to attack watching the entrance to the cave. She wasn't going to move from her spot.

Rando made it to Matataki Vilkage and on his way to Norune Village. He carried with him his weapons in case any easterners or monster showed up. He wasn't about to its next prey. He bought some weapons from Jack before leaving. (Sorry about the add-on). Far away from Norune but further from Dark Heaven Castle, was another wave of monsters ready to attack. But this army was reported to the troops at Norune and they gathered away from the place. The Fairy King stood with his troops ready to fight.

Everyone in Norune already got the warning to stay inside. Word was being sent to Matataki Village and Queens to do the same. Brownboo Village and Yellow Drops were next to receive word. Rando was stopped by the Fairy King's troops and told to wait indoors at a nearby weapons shop run by an owl. Now things were up in the air. The Dark Genie wasn't done trying to massacre the other villages and stop the forces of light and balance from thwarting the evil plans he had with Colonel Flag.

*026*2023-04-09 17:26

Ruby continued to hold it with dwindling borrowed time. Ruby couldn't hold it back. She could feel her exit hole quivering and churning. It was about to burst open any moment. She still squatted down with her legs double crossed around each other. Her hands wedged in her crotch, her body stiff, and her face showing the desire to let it all out. But she stubbornly held on to not wet herself. After all, she spurted very small jets into her outer lips and about to seep onto her harem pants outside.

(FYI: I don't think Ruby has undergarments underneath). Ruby sweated so much and felt so sticky, her pants was wet with sweat, clinging to her butt and legs, her feet hot and uncomfortable in her pump shoes. Her upper strapless top filled with sweat accumulating, and her pits also sticky. Sweat beads dribbled down her forehead to her side burns, down her torso from the bottom of her top down her abdomen. Her nether region between her legs also seeing rivulets of sweat too. Sweat dripped off her face as well.

Ruby had to acquire more water for her thirst, and to escape this dungeon. It was now or never. But how was she to do this without screwing it up with just how badly she had to go? Anything could go wrong. She might miss the target, or she might drop the items she has and nearly kill herself. And what if she threw it too soon and the target (the Golem nearby her) was too far away? She had to stay focused and she wasn't completely focused.

Just then, she heard a scraping noise. Ruby remained still, looking around her, and even looking around the large chest. She saw nothing in front or behind the large chest. She saw nothing in her part of the room and nothing up ahead leading to the corridor. She looked all around her and above but saw nothing. Her nerves were rattled and anxiety came over her regarding the presence of a Dune. Outside she saw nothing where the dragons were and the Golem either. She wondered if it was an invisible dune or something else.

Outside though she heard a rumbling noise from across the room. She looked outside just a bit peeking just enough to see. It was a Chariot monster along with the Captain and a Corsair. In addition, there was an Opar and a Mask of Prajna. There was a strange armored monster as well. It was an Arthur. (The link for monsters: https://shrines.rpgclassics.com/ps2/dcloud/bestiary.shtml).

It had a huge jousting weapon with it while floating above the ground. Ruby hadn't seen these before and she definitely didn't know how to kill those.

But Ruby was reminded of her predicament. She had to hold it and not wet herself. Out of the blue, she felt a presence on her shoulder. She didn't understand at first and just brushed it off instinctively before realizing that someone was behind her. She slowly turned around to see two arms and hands coming out from the large chest behind her. She was speechless and at first wasn't it didn't ring any bells. A second later the chest opened up to show one eye, tongue and teeth. Ruby's eyes widened as she realized this was a monster, and not just a monster. It was a King Mimic.

She stood there looming at the monster staring back at her. The monster growled softly at Ruby with its red eye, glowing purple aura, and Ruby feeling powerless. The King Mimic raised its hands to smack her. Ruby raised her right arm out producing a glowing lightning ball from her platinum ring. The King Mimic syared back for a few seconds while Ruby shakily kept her arm out to keep distance between herself and the chest monster. She took small steps back and sideways away from the monster.

The King Mimic went for a smack attack against her. Ruby ducked for cover, and attacked back. But the attack was too weak. The King Mimic became angrier and growled loudly for all the monsters to hear. Ruby continued to step away slowly from the King Mimic and avert its attacks. She didn't want to flinch and wet herself. The King Mimic turned towards Ruby and using its hands, dragged itself closer to Ruby. The King Mimic extended its tongue to perform a lick attack (like the pokemon lickitung). Ruby tried once more to produce a lightning attack but to no avail. She was too immobilized by her need to go. She couldn't do it.

Just as she took another step to the side, the part of the wall to her left burst into tiny pieces extending the size of the cutout of the divider. She flinched and cried out of fear for almost being attacked. Ruby almost spurted as her flinching weakened her tight control over exit hole, which now quivered even more. 2 seconds, another wave of desperation came over her and she couldn't hold it back. It didn't matter how hard she contracted it wasn't going to hold it back. She ducked for cover from the King Mimic trying to smack her again. But she stopped moving due to her need to go.

She just couldn't hold it back and her exit hole quivered. It wasn't going to hold and flinching weakened her hold. There was no way it wasn't going to buckle. A 1-second spurt jetted out and into her pants. Ruby whimpered and tried tightening her exit hole muscle. "No!". She winced and whimpered trying to not wet herself. But the spurting continued as another spurt came out followed by another spurt, and another spurt, and another spurt, and another. Each time she tried contracting her muscles which couldn't go any further. Each spurt jetted out droplets and a stream of her golden liquid, into her pants, and down her beautiful legs.

At last, she just couldn't hold it back and just finally let it all flow. Her legs pressed together and her torso hunched forward. She took a deep breath pleading for forgiveness to above for what she was about to do. She couldn't fight or stop this flood. She could only accept her wet fate. She bit her lip and loosened her muscles. And now. She was full-on peeing herself a flood. And there was no way to stop it. She was officially wetting herself in front of her enemies without any self-control. How embarrassing for her. A powerful grown adult genie is wetting herself.

A huge dark spot emerged from her crotch not covered by her hands. It traveled down her legs as rivulets, up the front, around the sides, and down to her ankles. Her ankles were flooded by a stream flowing down her legs, along with rivulets, and traveling into her pumps or down the sides of them. A couple of streams emerged and traveled off her harem pants, onto the floor or her shoes. There was a central stream between her legs that traveled down to the ground, splattered off the ground and her pumps. Inside, her legs were wetted by her piss as rivulets and droplets, all going down her legs. She could feel the uncomfortable warmth of her firehose against her beautiful legs, assaulting them with liquid waste.

She could feel every part of her legs and feet getting goosebumps and every part of her felt so disgusting. She buried her face in her hands and didn't want to be seen. She wished for all to go away and not see her like this. All her water and wine, parfait and food kept exiting her. Her pants became drenched and so too the skin on her legs. Her feet felt like they were immersed in an ocean of her piss. She couldn't speak nor move. She just couldn't. It went on for a whole 90 seconds, which felt like an eternity. It was torture for her in her mind. Her bladder and urethra were deflating, feeling relieved.

...

Toan and company managed to catch up to Sapphire who had some trouble of his own. He found himself surrounded by evil bats and cave bats, assaulting him. Tulip was on the ground holding her arm. Toan could see she was poisoned. He jumped into action and swatted at them with his sword. Goro and Komacho also jumped in knowing they would be next if Sapphire was dead. Sapphire was surprised to be saved by a bunch of humans and that they would help him.

He stood there watching in awe as they fought off a bunch of master jackets and a Baron. Tulip also watched in awe as she too realized their team work. Together they were stronger and more powerful than a team of one. She understood why a team of many was better than a team of one. She could see how they rally around Toan and why Fairy King saw fit to give him the atlamillia stone. Sapphire looked on puzzled before he too understood.

He humbled himself and prepared to give apologies. Once they had finished killing the monsters, they turned back as checked on the other genies. Toan asked hie Sapphire was. He replied "I'm fine thanks to you and your friends." Toan went over to Tulip and gave her an antidote. She drank it sat there recuperating. "Thanks Toan. I see why they're looking to you and your friends to save the world." Toan's reply was to stay sitting down and regain her strength. He would continue with Goro and Komacho. Sapphire was to stay with Tulip.

*027*2023-04-09 21:07

Once the water works stopped and Ruby stopped peeing, she still had to deal with trickling and droplets escaping her wet, shaved groin area. She couldn't help but push out some left over piss. After 20 more seconds, she stood there with her legs standing perfectly vertical, her hands by her sides, and her torso upright. Her head down and her eyes closed. The monsters just stared at her, shocked a person would wet themselves in front of them. And that much anyway.

(In the game, they would have killed Ruby anyway). Ruby stood there for a moment, then opened her eyes. It revealed a dark, purple color swirling with rage and mercilessness. Her magic aura became a dark purple color, charging her magic and raising her arm. The ground shook and cracked open, forming an x shape with Ruby at the center. The monsters behind her stepped back in fear of what was happening.

Ruby knew she didn't have repair powder and chose to burn through her weapon. She couldn't turn it into a synth sphere, as it would break-down and not return to its original state. It would be lost forever. She had no choice, and inhaling, she put all her soul into her attack. She generated a powerful attack, and in a scream, unleashed her attack. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..."

The room was blinded by a bright flash of light as Ruby annihilated the monsters. They all vaporized and turned into experience points. Her weapon vaporized too, thus ending the light show. After the deed was done, she knelt to one knee and panted. She needed to catch her breath and regain her composure. Her body was seriously fatigued and grossed. After 5 minutes, she got up and slowly walked over to the oasis. She cupped her hands and collected some water, sipping from it. She emptied her stamina drink bottle and collected water several times, drinking from it.

She did pee a little bit, though she wasn't concerned. Her body was too tired and so was her mind. And still, she can't exit as the key didn't appear. Hopefully, she didn't vaporize it. But even so, she had to continue on. She felt the oasis water so calm and soothing, and thought of bathing in it. But that wasn't a good idea as more monsters could appear and the evil sorcerer might be watching her. She could feel her legs, butt, groin, and hips becoming cooler due to the sweat and her piss cooling down.

But Ruby didn't have repair powder for any of her weapons. She couldn't keep fighting. She didn't have any weapons. All she had were gems. But they might work against one monster. Not two. She didn't have a working weapon on hand. Ruby contemplated her next move. She had to finish this floor to escape here or remain here until she is killed or dies from lack of food and water. She didn't know how many monsters remained on this floor and where is the exit key. She had no choice but to try. Maybe she could kill them if she had them in one spot at once. "Eureka!" Ruby thought. She was going to try this plan.

*028*2023-04-10 23:54

Sapphire and the others felt exhausted from the heat wave they felt, going through the dark cave, seeing blue torches every so often, followed by long swaths of darkness for what seemed like an eternity. They wished they turned back or just got to the end already. They continued their trek until they got to the end. They still saw so much cave, nothing much changed. They began to see a bend in the corridor, along with blue torches. They wondered if it meant something was going to change.

Outside, everyone remained in doors. Xiao kept her slingshot ready to attack. Rando remained in Matataki Village. He wished to see everyone in Norune but he knew better than to challenge a fairy soldier. All they could do was wait for the all-clear. The Fairy King fended off monsters and other beasts sent, including evil worshippers and greedy men from the east. Osmond and the moon people from Yellow Drops settlement on the moon went silent. Brownboo Village mayor lost contact with their counterparts. They figured it might be dark magic.

It seemed like armageddon arrived. The darkness seemed to be winning. Seda kept skulking about the Dark Heaven Castle, looking at how his former castle has rotted due to the darkness he unleashed. He wished he could kill the dark creation that emerged from himself, and his selfish desperate heart. He truly felt sorry for everyone. He wished he could take it back, and get his Sophia back too. But his heart was too tainted to use the atlamillia stone. It was all up to Toan and his friends.

...

Ruby finished gathering water, made sure the bombs and gems were available, and walked past the oasis. She did drink all the water from her bottle as she past by. As mentioned, the room had two ways, (right) one of which led to a divider before a dark corridor that led to who knows where, and (left) the other to a corridor well lit to another room or dead end. There was the oasis and the exit doors. Ruby chose the right corridor opposite the divider.

But each step and movement of her legs felt horrible. Her harem pants were clingy and damp. Drenched with sweat and liquid gold, she felt uncomfortable. Each step felt as though she was immersed in an ocean of her liquid gold. Ruby couldn't help but walk a little awkwardly as her pants were so wetted. It conformed to her lower waste and down to the upper ankles that it was a second skin, almost. And somewhat transparent. Ruby walked around a bend, then a long corridor that seemed to go on for miles only to stop at a room.

As it came into view, Ruby was surprised to see the monsters already standing a couple of feet away from the entrance to the room. They were red-eyed and glowing purple. Ruby wasn't sure which ones had the key but she was ready to destroy them all. She waited for them to approach so clustered together, easy to kill them all. But they maintained their distance as they approached her. It was a Titan, Golem, and a stone giant. It approached slowly and aggressively, with power and strength.

Ruby just stood their in her drenched harem pants, sweating body, sticky top, and flooded pumps, confidently. She didn't have time to be embarrassed nor ashamed as she had enough. She did feel terrible and mortified at first and who could blame her. But the main objective was to fight back.

*029*2023-04-12 17:31

Ruby stood there waiting for her chance, holding the items she needed in her hands. Since it wasn't hot anymore, it took awhile for her harem pants to dry. She began to feel an urge to go again but it was a normal one. She scanned with her eyes as to which one had the key to exit. So far she didn't see it nor did she know which monster had it. She began to think she destroyed it earlier, starting to feel a sense of worry that she might be trapped here forever.

But then, around the waist of the Titan, was a belt with a pouch. She stared at it for a few seconds, wondering if this monster had what she needed. She realized that she might have to get a little closer in case she gets trapped by the Golem and the stone giant in the corridor. So she went behind them as they turned to follow her. Ruby didn't want to be against the wall either. After a few seconds, she got close enough to the Titan and attacked with all her items.

Her bombs and gems went off, killing the Titan. The other monsters were affected but not killed. She managed to get away from their reach, but still didn't get the key. She had to let the Golem and Stone Giant make chase after her, walking away from the key. All this would take at least 2 minutes to happen. Once they were a safe distance from the key, she would make a break for it, and escape this dungeon level once and for all.

..

After a few hours, Norune Village and the other two areas already rebuilt or still rebuilding received the word lock down was over. The enemy exhausted their forces for now and nothing was coming to destroy them. Renee went outside and waited with Xiao. Rando went on the move for Norune Village, Queens began opening up and Dran remained on the exit doors for floor 9 of the cave. Everyone was still worried about Toan and friends inside Divine Beast Cave. Some thought perhaps Toan and his friends were dead. Others thought they might be trapped forever. And a few didn't know what to say. Alnet and her brother were just happy to be alive.

So far, everything was quiet and peaceful again, with the exception of certain areas in the east. Deep inside Divine Beast Cave the search party continued their trek across the long dark corridor looking for Ruby. Despite the exhaustion, they didn't give up. Ruby kept moving backwards until the enemies in front of her were far enough away from the key. She didn't like walking let alone running in her sullied clothing, but there was no choice.

Ruby made a break for it and grabbed the key. Ruby made her way past the long corridor to the room with the oasis. From there, she went over to the exit doors and inserted the key. The doors opened and now Ruby was done. She was officially out of harms way. By now she felt a normal need to go to the bathroom. And she was greeted by Dran the protector of Norune Village. "Ruby there you are! Are you al-...... pew what's that smell around you?" Ruby really didn't want to answer and just asked he could help her leave this place.

Dran said he could but some friends were also looking for her. There also went inside the cave searching throughout each floor until this one. Ruby couldn't believe they were able to make it here, and she knew they might be worried after how long its been. Dran gave some escape powder for leeaving while kept the door opened for Toan and the gang. She chose not to leave until they showed up...

..

Toan and company kept walking, determined to find her no matter the cost. Suddenly, the dungeon glowed white and blinding light too. After a second, the dungeon returned to normal with the company at the room with the oasis. They looked around to see an oasis and some doorway opened. They went over to it only to see Ruby and Dran. Their eyes widened with joy, Sapphire rushed out to his sister. "Ruby! Thank God your safe ... why do you want me to keep my distance."

Ruby didn't want to say but she said a lie. "A monster spewed its saliva on my pants" They all escaped and went to the entrance to the cave. Dran cleaned up house, and stayed inside for the day. Once outside, the doors opened finally saying "hello" to the open outer world, and a date with a slingshot marble to Toan's groin. "Oof .... owwwww!" "Sorry brother!" Xiao said. Renee was so overjoyed to see everyone alright. Later that night, Ruby took a nice bath, used the toilet and got some sleep.

She began her training the next day with Sapphire and Tulip. Komacho went back to fighting with his brother Macho, Toan and company kept a look out for more monster attacks, and learned a bit from Rando. Rando was just happy to see the group in one peace. Toan and him discussed so much. Seda and the Fairy King were happy to know Toan was alive. Goro kept a watch on Matataki Village. Even the Brownboo Villagers were relieved to hear they were safe, but they still couldn't get in touch with those on the actual moon.

Ruby also made sure not to get into bladder trouble for now. As for out east ... storm clouds gathered but nothing outside the usual. The Dark Genie had the most evil grin ever. "So the genie is more resourceful than powerful. And the fact she pissed herself. Damn! Who knew she could drink so much water. I'll just possibly try it again. Just you wait genie girl. I've not yet tried you enough."

*030*2023-04-14 01:00

That is the end of this story. Please leave a comment or like. The feedback is well accepted here. Thanks for reading to those who took the time. I was hoping to make it more juicy without making too much nonstop. I also wanted to keep Ruby even longer so that she is forced to piss a huge flood again and again, until her pants are just saturated and uncomfortable. Oh, and Ruby burned her pants for new ones of the same kind remade.

*032*2023-04-15 21:00

{{31 minutes ago, orangelion said:

I enjoyed the story, although I think the desperation was dragged out a bit too much. I also would have preferred longer, but less frequent updates. Some of the updates were especially short.

}}

What do you mean updates? How would you have prolonged the desperation for another major wetting after her first, and really making her pants so wet and flooded that she is sick of walking in them? And would you have preferred she was caught taking a bath in one of the cave oases by her friends or monsters? After all, she might be inclined to not take off her pants, but not have to explain to anyone why she is wet and has a foul odor coming off her. What other changes would you have made?

*034*2023-04-16 08:17

I am currently working on a new story regarding another character from the world of Nolan James High School. Hopefully this story is one that everyone can enjoy. I might write another story for Ruby when she and the gang goes to the dessert lands of Muska Lacka, and the temple of the Sun and Moon.

