Alternate Reality Where Men Sit and Women Stand to Pee

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-17 03:49

Hi! This one was actually a request. This story is from the same alternate universe as my other story 'The Ladies' Room'. In this alternate reality, men pee sitting down and women pee standing up. *Disclaimer: I know there was confusion about this before, so I just want to clear something up. In this alternate reality men still have penises and women still have vulvas. I know this does not make any sense. Obviously the reason men pee standing is because of their penis and women pee sitting because of their vulva. I am aware that this story makes no logical sense. But the point of this story is an alternate reality that is different from our own in a very small way. This universe is exactly like ours is, only one or two small chances.

I hope you all enjoy this story!

The car sped along the soon to be icy roads. Trees dotted either side of the road. The sky above suggested a chance of rain in the near future, and given the destination, possibly snow.

Taylor Swift’s song, ‘You Belong With Me’ was pumping on the radio, full volume. Stephanie and Jessica sat in the front, bopping along to the song, singing along in extra high pitched, glass shattering voices. In the back, Nathan and Alan sat behind Stepanie and Jessica, respectively, their significant others. Stephanie and Jessica’s friend, Nina sat in between the boys, playing ‘Candy Crush’ on her cell phone. Luggage bounced around in the backseat. Nathan had a couple of suitcases threatening to hit him whenever the car hit a bump.

Jessica noticed her boyfriend, Alan squirming in the backseat, but she chose to ignore it until he said something.

Taylor Swift ended and so did Stephanie and Jessica’s little rock concert.

Stephanie finished her water bottle and tossed it into the backseat with Nina and the boys. “Hey,” Stepanie turned to Jessica, who was the one driving. “Mind pulling over so I can go pee?”

“Come on!” Alan snapped.

“Seriously?” Nathan growled.

Taking a deep breath, Stephanie turned to look behind her. “What?” She demanded.

“I asked you to find a reststop an hour ago,” Alan moaned.

Stephanie watched as her BFF’s boyfriend brought his knees to his chest and grabbed at his crotch. “And we told you that there are no rest stops on this road,” Stephanie shot back. “It’s a long road, no rest stops, sorry.”

“Babe, how about you try and pee outside with us?” Jessica asked her boyfriend.

The boys exchanged looks. “We are not peeing outside!” Alan snapped.

“Why are boys so wimpy?” Stephanie demanded.

“Aman,” Nina said, still staring down at the ‘Candy Crush’ grid on her cell phone.

“We are not wimpy!” Nathan snapped. “Just… What would we wipe with?”

Stephanie rolled her eyes. “Babe, this is nature! What do you expect? A large bathroom with a golden toilet and a butler to hand you a roll of diamond TP?”

“That would be nice, thank you,” Nathan said.

“Whatever,” Stepahnie unbuckled her seat belt. “I gotta piss.”

“I’m going with you,” Nina shoved her cell phone in her pocket, crawled over Alan and exited the car.

“You too?” Alan moaned in pain.

“Babe, just try to pee outside, okay?” Jessica told her boyfriend. “I’ll help you even! This is a remote area, remember. We haven’t seen another car in fifteen minutes! It’s not like anyone will see you! I can help you squat. I can stand guard if you prefer. We can go deep into the forest even. I’ll do whatever you need me to do.”

“No, thanks,” Alan whimpered, staring at the car floor.

Jessica frowned. She hated how her boyfriend was so stubborn. She understood that guys had to sit down to pee, but she wished he would at least try it her way. But no, he wouldn’t budge. Apparently Jessica’s boyfriend would much rather burst his bladder than to pee outside just once.

“Well, now I feel bad,” Jessica said, slumping down in her seat. Jessica had to pee as well, but she didn’t want to if Alan didn’t go.

“Just go pee,” Alan said. Even though she hadn’t specifically stated it, Alan had a feeling his girlfriend also had to pee. Granted not nearly as bad as he did.

“You sure?” Jessica asked.

Alan nodded.

“Nathan?” Jessica asked.

Nathan shook his head.

Feeling guilty for being a girl, Jessica opened up her car door and stepped outside. It wasn’t exactly snowy yet. The ground was still very much grass. But Jessica noticed some frost over said grass. The ground was a frozen blanket of grassy blades. It was an indicator that snow was coming to this area soon. The air itself was nippy. The car had been so warm - insisted by Stephanie - that Jessica was surprised at how cold the air was.

Jessica found Nina and Stephanie standing side by side with their flies open and urine streams gushing from them. Jessica stood on Stephanie’s right and unbuttoned and unzipped her pants. Jessica had to bounce a little to move her underwear to the side and angle her urethra outside her fly.

“Whew…” Jessica breathed as she began to pee. Jessica looked down and watched her stream touch down in the icy grass, warming it up and melting some of the ice around the stream itself.

“The boys aren’t peeing?” Stephanie asked Jessica.

Jessica looked to the cloudy sky. “No.”

“Boys,” Stephanie rolled her eyes.

:”You know, you should be a little more considerate,” Jessica snapped, turning to Stephanie. “Boys aren’t built like we are. They can’t pee outside or in a urinal! Boys need to sit down, they need toilet paper, it’s a whole process.”

“They could pee outside if they tried,” Stephanie grunted.

“They’d get it all over themselves!” Jessica snapped. “And besides, they have to pull their pants all the way down and squat, which is not only uncomfortable, but it raises the fear of being spotted.”

“Spotted by who?” Her hands busy holding her fly open, Stephanie motioned her shoulders around, emphasizing the emptiness of this area.

Jessica looked around. “I see your point,” she agreed. “But come on! If you were a guy, I’m sure you would want to use the toilet. Must suck not being able to stand.”

Stephanie opened her mouth, likely for a nasty retort, when Nina cut her off. “Hey, don’t mean to be rude, your conversation about guys peeing is super interesting and all,” Nine said. “But can I get a little quiet over here? Thanks.”

“Why do you need quiet?” Stephanie examined her friend’s flowing stream. “You’re pissing just fine!”

“Yeah, but A) don’t look…”

“I wasn't looking!” Stephanie snapped.

“And B),” Nina went on. “I like quiet when I pee, okay? Yes, I can pee with noise, but I prefer silence. Is that so wrong? Can I have a relaxing piddle please?”

“Whatever,” Stephanie rolled her shoulders back.

“Thanks,” Nina sighed, looking back at her stream.

Another minute passed before Stephanie shook off and redid her jeans. Stephanie cleared her throat before walking back to the car. Jessica finished up a minute later, also redid her jeans, and went back into the car.

Jessica felt the heat of the car radiate her face. A welcoming sensation from being outside. As soon as she was back in the warm car, Jessica once again looked back at the boys and said, “Babe, are you sure you don’t want to at least try? You too Nathan. Steph and I can help you guys.”

“They’re fine, they don't need help,” Stephanie said. “They’re just being wusses.”

Jessica eyed Stephanie with vexation. She looked back at the boys. Jessica hated seeing her boyfriend squirming around, desperate like that.

“Well, what can we do?” Jessica asked, a hint of worry in her voice.

“We’ll be okay,” Alan promised, crossing his legs tightly. “How long until we get there?”

“Another hour,” Jessica said forlornly.

Now the boys were beginning to look worried.

“I…” Alan looked out the window. “I guess…”

“You wanta try?” Jessica got excited.

“Yeah,” Alan muttered.

“Okay, come on, babe,” Jessica and Alan left the car.

Jessica led Alan deep into the forest. They stepped over frozen logs and rocks.

“Let me know when you think you found a spot to pee,” Jessica said.

“I don’t know,” Alan muttered, looking around. “Where would a woman pee?”

“Honestly, anywhere,” Jessica replied. “We would just pick a spot and go. I mean, you saw how me and the girls just turned our backs to the road and peed. I think we should have done that. I mean, no one is around. But if you want…”

“Jessica!” Alan snapped. “Please, I have to pee so bad and you aren’t making it any easier! Just tell me where to pee, please!” Alan felt bad for snapping at his girlfriend like that, but he didn’t really care how a woman would pee in this situation. He just wanted to know where Jessica thought he should be right now!

“Oh, sorry,” Jessica’s face turned red from embarrassment. On the bright side, this warmed up her face. “Umm,” Jessica looked around. “This spot looks good. A nice clearing.”

“Okay,” Alan took off his belt and pulled down his pants. He moaned from the cold. The cold felt like tiny razor blades against his bare skin.

“Why don’t you take your clothes off all the way, just to be safe,” Jessica suggested. And so, Alan stripped.

Jessica helped Alan into a firm squatting position. Jessica knelt by her boyfriend, holding his arm, helping him to stay squatted and not fall over.

“Okay, whenever you’re ready,” Jessica said.

Alan began peeing. Alan’s stream was a clear yellow, a good indicator of a well hydrated man. His full bladder was another indicator of that. Alan’s stream instantly went from his penis and began ricocheting onto his legs before falling into the grass, creating a wet warm puddle on the earth, right under his bare feet. Alan’s freezing legs and feet were instantly warmed by the urine. He felt the icy razor blades on his skin transform into the sensation of burning liquid against his skin.

Alan groaned in disgust. Jessica used her free hand to rub her boyfriend’s back. He peed for a moment.

“Do you have anything to wipe with?” Alan asked.

“Oh,” Jessica looked around, realizing she didn’t think this through all the way. “I… I don’t.” Alan groaned again.

Alan soon finished. Alan’s legs smelled of urine. With nothing to wipe with, Alan had no other choice but to put his underwear and pants back on and follow his girlfriend back to the road.

“How did it go?” Stephanie asked.

“Got it all over myself,” Alan said, embarrassed, slumping in the backseat.

“Yeah, but you’re empty!” Jessica cried. “Don’t you feel better, babe?”

“I guess,” Alan started out the window.

“What did you wipe with?” Nathan asked.

“I didn’t,” Alan muttered.

Nathan’s eyes widened. “You didn’t wipe?”

“Boys,” Stephanie rolled her eyes. This time, Jessica elbowed her as hard as possible in the ribs.

“Nathan, you want to try?” Jessica asked.

Nathan couldn’t help but feel irritated that Jessica offered to help him before his own girlfriend did. “No, thanks,” he said. “I don’t need you seeing me naked.”

“I won’t look! I promise!” Jessica said. “Or Stephanie can help you!”

“Stephanie says, just piss outside. Not that hard,” Stephanie said.

“It is for us!” Alan snapped. “You girls are sooo lucky! Being able to whip it out and spray wherever you want! Us guys don’t have that! You constantly have to worry about long lines and what we drink. But you women get to pee wherever you want!” Alan noticed the pained look his girlfriend had, and he began to think he went too far. His intention truly wasn't to hurt her feelings or make her feel guilty that she was privileged. He just wanted to state a fact.

“I’m okay,” Nathan said. “I can wait an hour. Besides, I didn’t have to go nearly as bad as Alan did. Where is Nina, by the way?”

Everyone spotted Nina still standing outside, next to the car.

Jessica rolled down her window. “Hey, Nina! What’s taking so long?” She called.

“Just finishing up,” Nina called over her shoulder.

“Whut…” Jessica managed.

“Dude,” Stephanie called over Jessica. “You still peeing?”

“Yep,” Jessica said. “I had to go wee wee,” Jessica said in a childish voice.

“How long has she been peeing?” Nathan turned to Alan.

Alan shrugged. “We were gone for at least five minutes!”

Another minute later, Nina was back in between Alan and Nathan inside the nice warm car.

“Damn, girllll, you had to pee!” Stephanie called.

“Yep,” Nina said proudly. “One of my longer pees.”

“One of…” Nathan demanded. “You have peed longer before?”

“Yep,” Nina repeated proudly.

“Okay, we all good,” Jessica rested her hand on the gear shift.

“Except my boyfriend who is too classy to piss outside,” Stephanie said.

“I can hold it,” Nathan said aggressively.

“Okay, then,” Jessica put the car into drive and slowly pulled away from the side of the road. “Then let’s go. Next stop, the mountains!”

*002*2022-12-17 05:22

{{58 minutes ago, Noface said:

I actually had something like this in another story with a general reversed and exaggerated gender roles gimmick. Women can pee standing without a ton of difficulty, it’s just a skill to learn while men are “point and shoot” so to speak. The justification I had there for men sitting was that they got erections easier and just grabbing their own penis, especially when they had to pee, gave them a hard on. As any man will tell you pissing with a erection ranges from annoying to damn near impossible without spraying everything that isn’t the toilet bowel. So a man peeing standing there requires pulling their pants down and peeing without using their hand too aim at all which isn’t exactly a good idea, as a result mens rooms only have toilets. Women on the other hand almost all know how to pee standing, complete with all female underwear and pants having flies built in, so they get urinals.

}}

Oh! I am soooo sorry I stole your idea! That is an even better idea than mine! I like the reasoning you give behind it!

Mine is simply: It is an alternate universe, these things happen!

Great idea! Can you please leave a link so I can check your story out? Thanks!!!

*004*2022-12-18 02:12

Here is part 2 of the story:

At long last, the car stopped right next to a large wooden cabin. The cabin wore a hat of snow on its roof and was surrounded on all sides by the fresh, white powder. The trees were bare of leaves and instead held fluffy pillows of powdered snow.

The group dragged in their luggage. While Nathan went to the bathroom, Stephanie got to work starting a fire. Everyone else unpacked the suitcases. The group has come to a unanimous decision. Seeing as how it was slowly getting dark outside and they had a lot of unpacking to do, they would stay in the cabin tonight and tomorrow, start their fun activities.

As for tonight, the quintet simply sat around the five and played ‘Never Have I Ever’. They all had glasses of red wine - except Alan who didn’t drink. It quickly became apparent to the group who led the most exciting life.

“Never have I ever kissed someone of the same sex,” Jessica said.

Nina was the only one to drink. Nina’s friends all began shouting and badgering her with questions.

“The first time,” Nina said. “It was only a quick kiss at the urinal. Me and one of my girl friends had just been chatting while peeing,” Nina looked at Stephanie and Jessica. “You know…”

“Right,” Stephanie said.

“Of course,” Jessica agreed.

“Well, we were chatting, I complimented her ‘lady bits’, she complimented mine,” Nina went on. “We kissed. Nothing crazy.”

“That’s not crazy to you?” Stephanie demanded.

“Wait, first time?” Alan recalled, glaring at Nina.

“Second time, I was at the movie theater where I work,” Nina said. “This one girl always came in all the time, so we became close. She told me one day she was gay and she liked me. Told her I was straight. But she got me thinking about what it would be like to kiss another girl. So we kissed. It was nice. But don’t worry, boys, I am still very much into dudes!”

Nathan nodded awkwardly. “Good to know.”

“Don’t get any ideas, mister, you’re my man!” Stephanie snapped.

“Okay, my turn,” Alan said. “Never have I ever flashed someone my private bits.”

Once again, Nina was the only one to drink.

“Damn, Nina,” Stephanie said. “You flashed someone?”

“Wait,” Nina turned to Alan. “Boobs, vulva, or butt?”

“Umm… Boobs,” Alan said.

Nina took a sip.

“Vulva?” Alan asked, just curious as to what would happen.

Nina took another sip.

Alan flinched. “Butt?”

Nina took yet another sip.

“So, in short, yes to all three?” Jessica summarized.

Nina quickly told her stories. Nina was once goofing around with a guy friend and he told her she was too chicken to flash him. Without a second though, Nina proved him wrong and lifted up her shirt. Another time, in the girls’ locker room in high school, some girls were picking on Nina about something she couldn’t even remember, and she said some nasty things to them while flashing them with her downstairs area. And yet another time, at a public pool, some random guy made a rude comment about Nina’s butt. Nina decided to play along and she flashed him with it. “There have been other times I flashed people,” Nina said. “But those are the highlights.”

“Okay…” Stephanie mumbled. “My turn. Never have I ever had an aiming contest with another girl.”

Nine was the only one whose mouth touched her glass.

“Serious?” Jessica wailed. “Nina, have you done everything!”

“I have aiming contests all the time,” Nina said.

“You mean when you were a kid, right?” Alan asked.

“Sure,” Nina looked away and mouthed the single word, ‘no’.

“So, aiming contests,” Nathan said. “What? You women just like… Stand in front of the toilet and see how far you can aim?”

“Pretty much,” Stephanie replied. “It’s just a fun thing to see who can go farther. Like, I can aim pretty far away, so I would be able to beat most women.”

“And I am farther, so I would be able to beat all women!” Nina added on.

Stephanie’s eyes turned into slits. “What is that supposed to mean?”

“I can aim far away, is all,” Nina replied.

“You said you could beat all women,” Stephanie recalled. “And not only that, you said that directly after I said I could beat most women.”

“So?” Nina snorted.

“You challenging me?” Stephanie asked.

Nina held up a hand telling Stephanie to stop. “Oh, no, no, no, no…”

“Good.”

“I wouldn’t want to embarrass you.”

Stephanie nearly dropped her glass. “Uh, Nina, sweetie, I may never have had an aiming contest with another woman, but I have done it with myself and trust be, babe, I’m a far shot!”

“Well,” Nina wiped the sip off of her wine glass. “You think you are a far shot cause you have never actually been in a contest. Meanwhile, I have three sisters and we grew up always having aiming contests. My dad always got upset, but my mom told him we were just having fun.”

“Okay, first of all, obviously your dad would get upset since he has to pee sitting down,” Stephanie said. “And second of all, what do you mean ‘I think’? You don’t think I can aim far away?”

“Now, Steph, I didn’t say that,” Nina replied.

“Good. Damn right you didn’t!”

“All I said was I can aim farther!” Nina smirked.

Stephanie’s eyes glowed with dangerous fire. The type of fire that will destroy the first thing it touches should it be released.

“This is getting out of hand,” Alan said. Up until now, Nathan, Alan, and Jessica were just watching the tennis match between Stephanie and Nina. But they finally felt the need to step in.

“Okay, ladies,” Nathan said. “Let’s take a deep breath before any body does or says anything stupid.”

“You know what this means,” Jessica smiled. “AIMING CONTEST!” Jessica screeched at the top of her lungs.

“Jess,” Alan muttered.

“Seriously, dude?” Nathan demanded of Jessica.

“Outside, right now!” Stephanie stood.

“Why outside?” Nathan asked.

“Simple,” Stehpanie replied. “I aim so far away that there is nowhere in the bathroom I can possibly stand to allow my stream to go max distance!”

“Huh,” Nina muttered. “It’s funny, Steph, every time I walk into the ladies’ room, I see you standing as close to the urinal as possible.”

“Ohhhh…” Jessica said with a grin. “You need some ice for that burn, Steph?”

Stephanie’s face contorted with rage.

The boys exchanged looks.

“Is this supposed to be trash talk?” Nathan asked. Alan shrugged.

“Do we have to do this?” Nathan shivered. “It’s cold and dark out here.”

The quintet now stood in the backyard of the cabin. The sky was a fine shade of oil and the full moon acted as a nightlight for the snowy landscape. A cluster of stars twinkled here and there, spread rigorously in the pitch black sky. An icy lake stood a few yards down the snowy slope. The blue ice glowed faintly in the moonlight.

“We can just go back inside and play Never Have I Ever,” Alan suggested.

“Good luck, ladies,” Jessica encouraged. Jessica turned to the boys. “This is hard… I don’t want to pick between my friends. Who you rooting for, Nathan? Your girlfriend?”

Nathan held her arms crossed in an X, tight to his shivering chest. “I’m rooting for going back inside, to tell you the truth,” he said flatly.

“You’re going down,” Stephanie taunted her competitor.

“No, I’m going far,” Nina smirked.

“Hey, turn to the side you too and pee towards the forest,” Jessica said, pointing with her mitten to the forest to the left of the lake. “That way, your streams won’t go downhill and give you an advantage. Plus, this way the guys and I are able to tell better whose stream went farther.”

“I’m good with that,” Nina said. “Unless of course, Steph, you need that advantage and go downhill.”

Stephanie growled at her competition. She then turned to the side as Jessica had indicated. “Let’s do this,” Stephanie undid her jeans.

“Jessica and the boys will watch and decide who won,” Nina said, undoing her pants as well, standing side by side with Stephanie.

“The good thing is, it’s all snowy out, so we can easily tell who wins,” Jessica said. “Okay, you two ready?” Stephanie and Nina both repositioned their boots in the powder and nodded. “Okay,” Jessica said. “Get ready, get set… Pee!”

Two streams went flying. Stephanie peed out of her fly and Nina did the same with hers. Stephanie and Nina’s streams went sailing. They were two golden rivers arching in the sky before finally crashing down into the snow. Separate droplets split from the main stream and slapped to the ground, creating tiny holes in the snow like acid on asphalt. Stephanie and Nina created two long lines of yellow covered snow which resembled trenches in the way they melted down into the flakes.

Jessica cheered while Alan just watched and Nathan rolled his eyes.

The two streams kept cutting in front of one another. One stream went farther while one retreated. One flew and one fell back. They were like racers in the Indianapolis five hundred.

Stephanie’s stream soon fell to the ground, soaking one last chunk of snow, and was gone. Nina urinated for another three minutes.

Jessica cursed. “How do you do it, Nina? How do you pee for so long?”

Nina shrugged. “Believe it or not, I didn’t even have to go that bad.”

“Well, looks to me like Nina won,” Jessica said.

“What?” Stephanie wailed.

“Yes!” Nina pumped a fist into the air.

“Boys?” Jessica asked.

“Sorry, Steph, but I have to go with Nina,” Alan said.

“And sorry, Steph, but I don’t care enough to make a vote!” Nathan said.

“You are my boyfriend, you should back me up, Nathan!” Stephanie snapped.

“And normally, I would,” Nathan replied. “But this whole idea is stupid! I’m going back to the fire.” Nathan returned to the cabin.

“I don’t believe it,” Stephanie snapped. “Cheek the snow!” And so they did. The group cheeked the two long golden lines of urine that the girls had cut into the snow. Nina’s stream was indeed about a foot longer than Stephanie’s.

“Sorry, Steph,” Jessica said.

“Yeah, sorry, Steph,” Alan agreed. “But congrats, I guess, Nina.”

“Yeah, congratulations, Nina!” Jessica cried.

Nina hadn’t heard them, on account of being too busy having a victory dance. “Sorry, Steph! I told yeh, you can’t compete with me in an aiming contest! Just be happy I had sympathy on you and didn’t challenge you to a contest of time!”

“Oh, jeez,” Jessica said. “Nina definitely would have won that!”

“But hey, Stephanie,” Nina said. “If you want to embarrass yourself farther, we can have a redo!”

“Whatever!” Stephanie pushed past Nina and went back to the cabin.

Nina eyed Jessica and Alan. “Did I go too far?”

As Stephanie stopped up the slope to the cabin, she overheard Nina’s final comment behind her. If only her friends knew she was not upset with them. She was not even upset with losing. She was upset that once again, Nathan refused to support her at anything.

*005*2022-12-18 18:47

Here is part three of the story! Enjoy!

The following morning, Stephanie, Jessica, Nina, Nathan, and Alan showered and got dressed and decided to go into town. They spent their morning at a bakery and then a coffee shop. They filled up on coffee, scones, donuts, and cookies.

It was finally time for the ski lessons that Nina had signed them up for.

Much to Stephanie’s annoyance, the boys insisted on using the bathroom before leaving the coffee shop. Stephanie only got even more annoyed when Jessica and Nina decided to join them in a quick bathroom break.

Nathan told Stephanie she should go too, but Stehpanie just gave her boyfriend a nasty look and growled, “I don’t need to go.” Stephanie wasn’t going to hold up the fun activities by using the bathroom when she didn’t need to. Plus, worse comes to worse, she could pee anywhere she wanted, provided there was cover.

The group clambered back into the car and were off to the ski resort.

On the way, Stephanie felt a small urge down inside her bladder that instantly made her wish she had heeded her boyfriend’s advice about using the bathroom in the coffee shop. It suddenly hit Stepahnie how much coffee she had drunk. She had two cups there and finished her third during the thirty minute drive. But Stephanie wasn’t worried. She could hold it… For now.

Once at the ski resort, the group of five began making their way up to the top of the hill, which was where they would meet their instructor.

As they climbed the snowy slope, Stephanie felt waves of warm liquid slosh around inside her body. But Stephanie would not for the life of her even tell her friends she had to pee. She didn't want to give Nathan the satisfaction of being right. Still, Stephanie wished they could just take a quick break so she could go behind a nice snow bank to deposit her liquid waste.

As they climbed high and higher, the level of Stephanie’s bladder fluid grew and grew.

The group waited at the top for a moment. Then their instructor arrived. She was a short woman with blindingly blonde hair and wore a bright pink jacket and boots. She carried a couple of light blue skis with her. The quintet quickly observed the instructor moving her legs around a lot. Alan and Jessica even caught her grabbing her crotch.

“Hey, folks, sorry to keep you waiting. I was running late,” the instructor said. “My name is Erin and I’ll be your ski instructor for the day. Now, first things first, has anyone here ever been skinning before?”

“I used to a lot when I was a little girl,” Nina said. “My uncle actually owns a cabin down aways. It is where we are staying for the next few days.”

“Her uncle’s cabin is beautiful too,” Jessica threw in.

“Yeah,” Alan agreed.

“Okay, so I take it the rest of you aren’t from around here?” Eric asked.

The others shook their heads.

“We are from Casper right here in Wyoming,” Jessica said.

“I’m the only one that knows this area,” Nina explained. “I came up here every weekend as a child to visit my uncle in his cabin. But he lets me and my friends use it once a year.”

“Nice,” Erica said, jiggling her legs. Stephanie could easily recognize Erin’s expression. It was the exact same as her own. Desperation. Stephanie had a feeling Erin didn’t care at all about their story. She just wanted to visit the ladies’ room. The same as Stephanie. “Okay, so very little experience is what I am hearing,” Erin went on. “Allow me to demonstrate,” Erin placed her skis on the ground and stood upon them. “What you want to do is spread your legs apart and…” Erin attempted to spread her own legs, only to clamp them back together again. Erin moaned, squeezing herself tightly with her winter gloved hand.

“Umm… You okay?” Alan asked.

“Is that a part of the lesson?” Jessica wondered.

“N… No…” Erin stammered. “I’m sorry… I just really have to… Pee…”

“Oh…” Alan muttered.

“I drank a lot of tea and coffee this morning,” Erin said. “And as I said, I was running late. I didn’t really have time to use the restroom and now I am bursting!”

Stephanie saw her opening. It was perfect! Now, Stephanie and the desperate ski instructor could both get some blessed relief.

“Do you just want to pee?” Stephanie asked. “We don’t mind if you just want to go behind a bush or something.”

Nathan rolled his eyes.

“Okay, yeah, thank you,” Erin muttered. “Sorry, everyone, the lesson shall continue. I’ll be right back!”

“I’ll go with you,” Stephanie said, doing her best not to act as desperate as she felt. “Mine as well since you are. Do you mind?”

“No, no, of course not,” Erin fidgeted. “Let’s go!” Erin rushed off and Stephanie followed behind.

“Why do women pee everywhere?” Nathan demanded.

“Hey, buddy,” Nina shot back. “If you had a vagina, you would pee everywhere too!”

“I told her to go at the coffee shop!” Nathan snapped. “It’s like she wanted to have to pee out in the middle of nowhere! She just wanted to whip it out and pee wherever she was!”

“Well, Nathan, Nina has a point,” Jessica said. “Can you blame her? It sucks you guys can’t stand to pee, but it's fun for women. Trust me, if you guys had a vagina, you would want to pee wherever you are too.”

“I can imagine,” Alan said. “I wish I could stand and pee like you ladies do. No wonder you girls always want to have aiming contests and stand and pee wherever you can.”

“Dude, are you encouraging this?” Nathan spat.

“No,” Alan said defensively. “I can just see where the girls are coming from. Must be nice to stand and pee. They’re right. If I had a vagina, you could not pay me to pee sitting down. Seriously, no sum of money would be enough!”

“Whatever,” Nathan grumbled, turning away from his friends.

Stephanie and Erin went far away from the others and went behind a collection of tall trees.

They both unzipped and began peeing, side by side.

Erin let out the longest moan of absolute bliss. “Whew!” Erin cried. “That’s better!”

“Yeah, really feel the pressure going down,” Stephanie agreed. Stephanie just stared down at her stream falling into the snow, not really caring where it went. Stephanie then noticed Erin was moving her body around in a peculiar fashion. Erin wiggled her hips, arched her back, jutted forward. Stephanie soon noticed why. “You drawing your name in the snow?’ Stephanie asked.

Erin giggled. “I love writing my name in the snow! Hey, dogs pee on trees, women write our names in the snow. It’s how we mark our territory!”

Stephanie laughed. “I guess. The good thing about you is, you have a short name. Mine is kinda long.”

“What is it?”

“Stephanie.”

“Oh, well how about you just spell Steph? It’s shorter. But you might want to do it soon before you completely run out of ammo, so to speak.”

“Good call,” Stephanie has never tried writing her name in the snow. Mostly because while Casper does get a lot of snow, it doesn’t have the privacy that the mountains do. But this was Stephanie’s chance to spell her name in the snow with her own urine.

Stephanie quickly began wiggling her hips, shuffling her feet slightly, whipping her crotch around in all directions, using her fingers to angle the stream better, and letter by letter, Stephanie’s name slowly took form.

When the two women had empty bladders, they stood back and admired their handiwork.

Stephanie’s name was a lot more yellow (and smellier) than Erin’s. It was also sloppier. Erin’s name was spelled in neat cursive with a light yellow font and all capital lettering. Meanwhile, Stephanie’s name had a ton of stray marks and the letters were all bunched up together.

“How did you write your name so flawlessly?” Stephanie demanded of the ski instructor.

“I practice a lot,” Erin replied. “After all, unlike you, I live here in the mountains and I have been a ski instructor for ten years. There are bathrooms here, but they are far away and often gross, so I just pee outside. Usually not with one of my students though,” Erin let out a deep bellied laugh.

Stephanie tried not to feel too disappointed. She had hoped her name would come out as beautifully as Erin’s.

Picking up on her disappointment, Erin placed a firm hand on Stephanie’s shoulder and said, “Hey, don’t get discouraged. As I said, I have practiced drawing my name in the snow since I was a little girl. Seriously! Eight years old, I went out to my backyard and peed my name straight into the snow. Takes practice.”

“Thanks,” Stephanie smiled, beginning to feel a bit better after hearing this.

“I’ll bet your friend would want to see this,” Erin said.

“The girls would! And maybe even Alan,” Stephanie said. “But my boyfriend, Nathan, finds this stuff gross.”

“Well, guys think differently than we do,” Erin pointed out. “Probably due to the fact that us ladies have been peeing standing up since we were toilet trained! Guys sit. Kinda makes since they are grossed out by this stuff.”

“Yeah, I guess,” Stephanie muttered. “Anyway, let’s get back to the others and continue with the ski lessons.”

“Right,” Erin said and the two women started walking back, leaving behind their names spelled in the snowy powder with urine. “By the way,” Erin said as they started their walk back. “Thanks for the relief! I needed it!”

Stephanie, walking behind Erin, smiled. “No,” she said. “Thank you.”

*006*2022-12-18 21:59

Here is part four!

Erin spent the next couple of hours teaching her new pupils how to ski down the slope. Alan picked up on skiing right away. Nina was also remarkable. Clearly, she hadn’t forgotten all the ski trips she had when she was little.

As the lesson came to a close, the group bid Erin farewell and told her they were excited for their second lesson tomorrow.

“Wow, babe, our first lesson and you are already an expert,” Jessica told Alan.

Alan smiled proudly.

“Meanwhile, Nathan crashed into a tree,” Nina laughed.

“Shut up,” Nathan snapped. “It is harder than it looks!”

Nina laughed. “Hey,” Nina said. “Before we leave, mind if I pee?”

“Where?” Nathan demanded.

“Um… Anywhere?” Nina replied. “Behind that rock, that tree, right here, I’m not picky.”

Nathan grunted. “Can you guys stop peeing everywhere you are!”

“What’s your problem?” Stephanie snapped.

“My problem is no matter where we are, you three feel the need to whip it out and spray!” Nathan bellowed.

“Hey, just because you can’t pee outside doesn’t mean you need to spoil our fun!” Stephanie retorted.

“Oh, I’m sorry, I’m spoiling your fun?”

“Yes, yes you are.”

“Well, my idea of fun isn’t pissing all over the place!”

“Just because you can’t doesn’t mean you need to be a jerk to the rest of us.”

“You’re the one being a jerk!”

“Excuse you?”

“See, you are a jerk!” Nathan snapped.

“Never mind, I can hold it,” Nina grunted.

The five walked the rest of the way down the hill without saying another word to one another.

The group spent the rest of the day in town going from shop to shop. They bought some T-shirts and snow globes from a souvenir shop. They had pizza for lunch. They visited a homemade fudge store and bought as much fudge as they could carry. They went bowling and ordered hot dogs and fries while there. They also spent some time in the bowling ally’s bar.

The group was laughing and enjoying themselves as if nothing had happened earlier that day. Stephanie and Nathan weren’t speaking to each other, but other than that, things had returned to normal.

Jessica was hunched over in laughter from one of her boyfriend’s jokes. As Jessica was composing herself, she noticed Nina squirming under the table. Jessica suddenly remembered something.

“Nina, I almost forgot! You have to use the bathroom,” Jessica said.

The others mumbled, having forgotten this as well.

“Honestly…” Nina said. “I forgot all about having to pee as well. That is until I began drinking this…” Nina shot her beer bottle an accusing look.

“Why didn’t you go back at the pizza place when Nathan and I went?” Alan asked.

“Told you, I forgot,” Nina admitted. “In case you guys haven’t noticed, I got a pretty big bladder.”

“No kidding?” Stephanie scoffed into her margarita.

“Well, I’m sure they have a bathroom here,” Alan said.

“Just checked, it’s out of order. But I’ll be okay,” Nina promised, squeezing her legs together with her arm. “But I should find a bathroom soon.”

“Sorry I didn’t let you pee outside,” Nathan said. “I was just upset.”

“No worries,” Nina replied. “Trust me, I’ll be fine.”

“Well, we should probably get going anyways,” Alan said.

And so they paid for their drinks and left. It was a bit of a walk back to the parking garage. So, the group walked down the dark street. The glowing moon was out as were its companions, the stars. Everyone was fully aware of Nina trailing behind them, stopping every now and then to grab herself.

“You okay?” Jessica asked, looking back at her friend.

“I’m fine,” Nina lied. “Let’s just keep going.”

And so they continued. Nina was waddling now. She regretted the alcohol she put into her bladder. She regretted not having emptied sooner. Nina felt her bladder begin to cramp up. She could feel her sphincter ready to break from all the pressure. Nina kept her hands between her legs and waddled penguin style, regretting all of her bad choices leading up to this disaster. Nina may have been able to forget that she had to tinkle before, but now, it was the one and only thing on her mind.

Nina moaned, bending down, grasping her aching genitalia.

“Nina… You okay?” Stephanie asked.

There was no point in lying anymore. Nina’s bladder was large, that was true. It was how she was able to hold so much liquid inside and pee for so long. But even big bladders have their breaking points. And this was Nina’s.

Nina just screamed, “Oh, my bladder!” and ducked into the nearest alleyway. The alleyway was dark. There were a few small piles of dirty snow on the ground, but judging by the visible concrete floor, this alley was recently shoveled. “Keep watch, please,” Nina pleaded as she ripped her pants open, reached inside and moved her orange colored panties to the side, and let out the largest, most powerful piss stream any of them had ever seen.

A gigantic golden river shot from in between the flaps of Nina’s jeans and fired onto the pavement, splashing upwards, sending separate streams in all directions. Nina let her head fall back and breathed so loudly, it sounded like a lion’s roar. A thick cloud of her breath escaped Nina’s blue lips from the cold night air. Nina’s urine created a monster sized puddle on the ground. It looked more like an elephant was creating this stream and puddle rather than a person!

“Had to go, Nina?” Stephanie laughed.

“Sh… Shut up…” Nina panted. “Oh god that feels marvelous!” Nina allowed her shaky breathing to return to normal as all that beer emptied out of her exhausted bladder.

The waves inside went down and found themselves a new home on the alleyway’s floor.

Silence fell and the only noise that was heard in the dark night was the loud splashing of Nina’s urine to the ground. Nina peed and she peed and just when her friends thought she was nearing the end, she got a second wind and peed some more. Nina created a never ending urine stream. It just kept coming no matter how close Nina felt to the end. Nina felt her pee hole tremble as liters and liters of urine went spraying out of it.

Moments passed. And more moments passed. And more moments still passed.

“Umm… Guys…” Nina stammered.

“Yeah?” Alan asked.

“I… Uh…” Nina gulped. “I can’t stop.”

“What do you mean you can’t stop?” Nathan asked.

“I mean… It won’t stop.” Nina said. “I… I have never peed for this long before.”

“Well, you held it for a long time. And you had alcohol,” Stephanie pointed out.

“I know, I know, but… This is a long one, even for me!” Nina cried.

“It… It’s okay,” Jessica promised. “I mean… It has to stop eventually!”

“Yeah, it’s not like your bladder is endless,” Alan pointed out. “Plus, no one is on the street tonight. You’re all good, just keep going.”

“Okay,” Nina took a deep breath and continued her stream. Nina tried to believe what her friends told her. No one was around tonight. And even if they were, Nina’s friends all stood at the entrance to the ally, blocking her. She has peed for a long time as it was. Her stream had to be nearing its end. How much more could her bladder possibly store? Nina was almost done peeing! She could feel it! The stream was… Any minute now… Almost done… No. It just kept flowing.

“Wow, Nina, you seriously still going?” Stephanie asked.

At this point, Nina’s friends were all getting bored and cold and Alan began to feel the urge to pee as well. Alan sat on top of the alleyway’s dumpster with Jessica leaning casually against it. Stephanie leaned against the opposite wall and Nathan decided to sit down, realizing this could take a while.

“I can’t stop…” Nina hissed, a hint of fear in her voice. “You guys… I don’t even feel like my bladder is half empty…”

“What?” The group cried. “You’re kidding!”

“Seriously!”

“No, I don’t even think I am halfway done!” Nina shouted.

“How long has she been going?” Alan asked.

Jessica checked her cell phone. “Over ten minutes! Going on eleven!”

More mumbling and grunting.

“Okay, Nina, can you stop?” Alan asked. “I don’t mean finish. I just mean is your stream able to come to an end for now? Just so we can get home?”

“I can try…” Nina let out a small grunt and her stream subsided until it finally ended. There was a wide golden puddle on the floor with several rivers leaking off of the main puddle, running in all directions. “Oh, that feels sooo much better!” Nina cried, zipping up her pants. “Now that the main pressure is off, I am sure I can make it to the cabin!”

“Good,” Nathan said. “Let’s go.

Stephanie drove the car back towards the cabin. Jessica rode shotgun this time and the boys and Nina sat in the back, as usual.

Nina had been okay for a while. But during the half hour trip back to the cabin, Nina felt her urine level increase once more. The bouncing of the car on bumps made Nina’s uncomfortably full bladder spring up inside her chest before falling back down. On one particularly nasty bump, Nina shouted, “Stop the car!”

Stephanie sped over to the side of the road. Nina wrenched open the door, unzipped and unbuttoned, leaned over Alan, and peed powerfully through her pants. A wide yellow river arched across the nighttime sky and splashed down, soaking through a large snowbank, forming a wide yellow hole. Nina’s hot piss melted through the cold snow. Having Nina lean over him and pee right by his face, didn’t help Alan’s own full bladder. Alan felt the warmth of Nina’s stream on his face as if he was warming his face by the fire. Nina’s stream didn’t actually touch Alan’s face, but it was so warm, that just being so close to it warmed Alan up more than any heater ever could. Nina once again peed and peed from the car door for several long minutes. Nina still had a lot more left in the tank, but she once again got the nasty pressure off, enough to last that is. Once Nina was satisfied, she redid her pants, and sat back inside the car, closing the door behind her.

“All good now,” Nina smiled and Stephanie drove off.

Once back at the cabin, Jessica ordered Nina to let Alan go pee first. Alan also needed the washroom and they all knew Nina would take a while. Nina was hesitant, but she gave it.

Alan soon finished in the bathroom and Nina rushed in, leaving the door wide open. It was just Nina’s friends in the cabin and she preferred to pee with the door open. Plus, poor Alan had already got a close up of Nina peeing as she peed directly in front of his face on the drive home.

Nina stood with her back to the door, her fly undone, the toilet seat up, and she gushed powerfully into the bowl, smiling and sighing as she watched the once clear toilet water transform yellow.

“Given the fact Nina will probably be in there the rest of the night,” Jessica giggled. “I’m going outside to tinkle.”

“Have fun,” Stephanie said.

“Oh, believe me, I will,” Jessica laughed as she stepped outside.

“Nina, I’m beginning to worry about you,” Alan called. “Should we call a hospital?”

“More like the Guinness Book of World Records,” Nathan joked.

“I’m good!” Nina called back. “I should be empty soon… I hope.”

“Congratulations, Nathan,” Stephanie said, having forgotten she wasn’t speaking to her boyfriend. “You broke, Nina! You should have let her pee earlier, but oh no! Peeing outside is gross, blah, blah, blah.”

Nathan balled his fists. He could not believe his girlfriend was blaming him for this! “Okay, first of all, we both know Nina would have peed forever no matter what!” Nathan snapped.

“That is true,” Nina called from the bathroom.

Nathan continued, “And second of all, peeing outside is gross, especially to us guys! Third of all, maybe if you ladies peed outside less frequently, Alan and I would not get upset on the rare occasions you do it!”

“And fourth of all, I was just joking, calm yourself,” Stephanie said.

Nathan blinked. “That was just a joke?’

“Yeah,” Stephanie lowered her gaze. Nina's impressively long pee helped Stephanie forget why she was even angry at her boyfriend... Now she was starting to remember again!

“Oh…”

Jessica soon came back in and Nina still stood before the toilet, gushing like a kitchen sink of full blast.

“The geyser still going?” Jessica laughed. The others nodded.

The group moved about the cabin, going about their business. They even sat down and began playing Scrabble. Nina still stood in the bathroom. Never once did that stream of hers even waver. Nina peed so long for her friends to finish two games of Scrabble. Alan won both times. Scrabble was his thing.

As Stephanie went to work on starting the fire, the sound of Nina’s stream began to subside a bit. Even so, it took two more minutes for the once powerful stream to fully shut off.

Nina stumbled out of the bathroom, falling against the door. Nina sighed. “Whew!” She cried. “I need a nap…”

“Umm… Your pants are unzipped,” Alan said, awkwardly.

Nina looked down. “Oh? How about that?” Nina zipped up.

“Time for bed anyway. How does it feel, Nina? You peed the whole day away!” Jessica teased.

“No, I didn’t!” Nina cried. “Just the night!”

“I wish someone recorded that!” Nathan said. “They never would have believed us!”

“Yeah, but if we did record that, even with a fresh battery, the camera would have died hours ago,” Stephanie mocked.

Nina moved her lips, mocking her friends’ words. Nina finished her taunting off with a spit of the tongue aimed at Stephanie.

And so the group began settling in for bed. They knew that one thing was for certain. They would be teasing Nina about this night for a long, long time.
