Untitled TRON fic

Author: Useless Guy

*000*2021-08-10 19:41

In my years on this site, I have noticed three things.

1. There is almost no TRON content

2. There are almost no stories with the (admittedly niche) premise of nonhuman/nonorganic characters becoming "real" and discovering certain needs.

3. There are not enough stories where some hapless guy has to guard his friend while she goes.

I wrote this to rectify all three problems.

When Sam said that he would be “taking the company back,” Quorra assumed he meant after he had a chance to recover from his ordeal on the grid. But he was apparently more proactive than his elder, and after a quick “cat nap,” he drove himself and Quorra to an Encom boardroom for a meeting with his lawyers. Quorra tried to keep up, but bureaucracy had never been her thing, and even she couldn’t survive on as little sleep as the prodigal Flynn.

After an undetermined amount of time, Quorra was stirred from her sleep mode by an unfamiliar sensation in her abdomen. It felt almost like something inside her was….full.

She would normally default to Sam when it came to questions about this new reality, but judging from his...animated conversation with the other men, he was busy. Whatever this was, she was sure it could wait.

She wasn’t sure this could wait.

The fullness inside her had become a kind of pressure. Briefly, Quorra imagined something incubating in there, like a virus, or some kind of horrible user-world parasite. She shuddered at the thought of some grotesque monster bursting out of….where would it come out?

Abruptly, Quorra clapped her hand to her groin. She thought she knew, now.

It had been roughly an hour and a half since this board meeting had started, and Sam had mostly written it off as a failure. His lawyers had spent the entire time listing all the reasons he couldn’t just take control from Dillenger without a ton of lawsuits, and when he asked what his options were, they essentially amounted to “ask nicely.” He was about to ask if there was some life-saving stipulation in his father’s will, when Quorra suddenly groaned in pain. He turned around to find her doubled over, her legs twisted and her hands in her crotch.

Oh.

Sam kept a comforting hand on Quorra’s back as he guided her to the restroom. He cursed himself for not taking her to go before they left for this meeting….or expecting that she would need to “go” at all.

“W-what’s wrong with me?!” Quorra stammered through clenched teeth as another wave of desperation hit her.

Sam grimaced, how to explain this? “Well first off, you’re not dying.”

Nailed it.

“Human- user bodies use water as a sort of...filtration medium.” He went on. “Eventually, the spent liquid has to come out through um….” His eyes drifted down to the girl’s tightly clenched nether regions. “Follow me.”

This was fine, Sam thought as he awkwardly leaned on the woman’s room sink counter.

This was fine.

Sure, he was in entirely the wrong bathroom, but he wasn’t in the stalls. If anyone asked, he could just say he was standing guard...from inside the bathroom.

Yeah.

“Now what?” Quorra’s voice came from the stall.

“You’ve got your clothes out of the way, right?” He called back.

“Yes!”

“And you’re sitting down?”

“I’m not an idiot!”

“Alright, then just….let go.”

“...How?”

Oh boy.

Sam sat there for a minute, pondering how to describe relaxing muscles that Quorra hadn’t had the day before. His eyes drifted to the faucet, and he recalled that age old parenting trick.

Quorra sat on the strange receptacle, bare from the waist down, the cool air only making her need worse. According to Sam, the water was supposed to come out now, but she was still agonizingly full, and her vulnerable state wasn’t helping her relax.

Suddenly, the sound of rushing water filled her ears, reaching to a primal reflex somewhere in her brain. What was Sam doing? This was only making the pressure build and build until-

Quorra yelped as a spurt escaped, the sensation of liquid flowing through her freshly formed urethra was a new one. Startled, Sam turned off the faucet. “You OK?”

“Yes…..do that again.”

Quorra closed her eyes as the water restarted, focusing on the sound of it flowing through the pipes and down the drain. Slowly, ever so slowly, her stream started up again, building in intensity as it carried her burden out into the basin below. It felt euphoric.

Sam flushed as Qourra’s sighs and moans of pleasure echoed around the room. Briefly, he wondered what else could make Quorra sound like that.

Shaking himself, Sam decided that Quorra could likely handle it from here. He opened the door, eager to put this whole awkward mess behind him….and ran smack into Alan Bradley, his inside man at Encom and surrogate father.

"Sam?!"

“Crud.” Sam thought stupidly. “I didn’t tell her what the paper was for.”

*003*2021-08-11 03:09

{{4 hours ago, D0nt45k said:

Unique choice of setting aside, the concept of a previously virtual being suddenly being subjected to certain biological needs for the first time is a fascinating one. I wonder if you have more of this planned or if it's just a one-shot?

}}

Depends on how many AIs I can get attached to.

*007*2021-08-19 01:40

{{On 8/16/2021 at 1:09 AM, leakinglurker said:

Oh my User! Have you somehow read my mind?! I've thought so much about this exact scenario for years, and you've written it beautifully. I would love to read more of this!

There really is almost no TRON omorashi content at all. If I remember correctly, there's also an excellent fic on the Tron Kink Meme Livejournal about Sam being unable to undress himself on the Grid... But sadly, I think that's it.

Ah, quick correction here: Sam's mother was Jordan. I believe Jet's mother was Lora.

Mercury, though... now that's an idea! And don't forget Uprising. What about Mara or Paige?

There's so much potential here!

}}

Link to that kinkmeme fic?

*017*2021-08-29 23:15

{{9 hours ago, ashnacamon said:

Hey! This one went on longer than expected (no pun intended). If the original thread owner wants me to move these, I will. Just thought this would be a short one again and it wasn’t. Anyway, with minor edits only:

Quorra tap danced into the bathroom JUST in time. The meeting had gone on for much longer than expected, and her “bladder” had filled much faster than expected. Blimey, where had she been absorbing all this energy? 45 minute meetings were now a trial to the death if she wasn’t COMPLETELY empty beforehand (not just not feeling anything yet). Hopefully it wouldn’t get any worse. Door open, pants halfway down before door closed on its own, door locked, pants three quarters down as she finally started “peeing” just before hitting the seat. Oh, FORTRAN that felt sooo good, piss droning on for over a minute.

When she finally finished and flushed the toilet, though, she jumped a bit when loud yelling was heard through the wall, apparently in the adjacent men’s bathroom. Had they yelled because she had flushed the toilet? She thought she had done everything right, hadn’t she? Note to ask Sam.

Sam causally walked into the men’s room, aware that possibly all the urinals would be in use since he was last one out of the meeting. No matter, he wasn’t desperate, although it HAD gone on unusually long for the topic at hand. But meanwhile, when he turned the corner, he was treated first to the oddest array of groans and spattering sounds for a men’s room he had ever heard, and afterward the sight of all eight of the meaner, cockier members of the Dillinger staff lying haphazardly on the restroom floor, with said cocks free and wetting. A few other meeting attendees were also waiting in the entrance, wondering what to do. This hadn’t been the situation for long.

“Wha- WHAT happened?” he said aloud. Most of the men were already recovering from… whatever, and one was able to answer.

“Sam, if this is you’re idea of a practical joke, it isn’t funny!” Sam was still confused.

”I have no idea what happened here,” he said flatly, although he was trying to guess.

At that moment, Quorra came out of the women’s room and said, “Umm, Sam? Can I ask you about so… W-what happened to you?” One of the victims had emerged from the men’s room, stained all over with pee. He pointed at her.

”You- you know something about this,” he said accusingly. Quorra looked terrified, and turned to Sam.

”I thought I did what you said!” Umm, bad time to say that, dear.

The two or three that had emerged from the restroom at this point turned to Sam. They were not happy.

”Uhh,” Sam said as he took Quorra’s hand, backing up, “can we talk?” Immediately, all involved parties broke into a sprint for the elevator. Quorra was much faster than the others, and reached it first, desperately pressing the… thingy. The doors finally opened just after Sam had arrived. Slipping inside, she began to press the button for the ground floor. Sam got in, and pressed the “close doors” button, but was immediately prompted to fight off an angry hand trying to get in. Quorra took over both buttons, and with only one reopening, the elevator doors finally closed.

“Man, I hit that guy in the face!” Sam said, but Quorra was noticing another problem. How could it… this wasn’t possible, was it? “This is not going to bode well with the company,” Sam continued to contemplate. Quorra felt her crotch. It was true. She crossed her legs instinctively.

”How could I need to pee again that fast??” she asked herself, bewildered. Sam turned to her and wondered, HAD she actually caused what had happened? Not on purpose, but…

Wth a little more thought, Sam asked, “What were you going to ask me by the restroom?”

TBC

}}

So every time Quorra pees it releases electricity? This could be bad...

