Nighttime guest

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-11-25 23:11

Summary:

1. A man is disturbed in the middle of the night for the call of nature by a stranger

2. The stranger pleads for the man's use of his bathroom

3. After pleading several times, she is given access to his bathroom

Characters:

1. Wallace Boehmin

2. Desperate female

Plot: It was a cold and chilly Thursday night and Thanksgiving Day holiday. At 11:30 pm you would have thought it was time to pack it in for the next day. But as usual, there were the late night pockets of gatherings. That included small groups of people at street corners, family gatherings, outings at night clubs or the usual criminal activity. Some worked night shifts and graveyard shift, or going to school. Others were returning home from their work or college classes. Some did travel too, such as those in sales or government.

But for the rest, people were indoors getting their beauty sleep. One such person trying to get his beauty sleep was a young man of 30 years old named Wallas Boedmin. He lived in his small apartment studio amongst many in a small apartment complex. It wasn't terrible nor was it great. It was average quality and average rent bill. The landlord was also average quality. Digressing back to the story. It was 11:30 pm and still he couldn't sleep. Tossing and turning as he tried to find a comfortable position.

After another 45 minutes, he gave up trying to sleep and lay there staring at the darkness of the lightless void permeating his bedroom and his apartment. All he could see was nothingness. Not one color or shade of color was perceived. The rods and cones of his eyes adjusted to the blackness of the dark room. Wallas thought about today's work day, the rent, the bills, and the people that stand outside in the apartment complex parking lot. They always gathered for partying, drinking, and being loud. They would keep him up during the holidays and some Fridays with their partying.

He turned on the television and put on the science channel. Currently airing was an old episode of Strange Evidence on the Science Channel. He already saw this episode and totally disappointed it wasnt a new episode. However, the episode wasn't too bad nor his favorite. It was something for now.

He sat there watching for the next 15 minutes soaking up the information as minimally as possible and with his eyes closed and squinted. His eyes were trying to adjust to a colorful bright light. At midnight, he turned off the television and just lay there. He thought about playing pokemon heartgold on his ds, but that was another bright light.

He chose to finish writing his story he started a few weeks ago. He was after all, a junior writer for hobby sake. It wasn't professional but he thought about publishing it to make a little extra cash. So he carefully walked into the living room just outside his bedroom and sat on the couch. He turned the dial for the lamp light to a setting comfortable for his eyes and began looking through his notes for his story. So far his story went as far as the middle of the story body and he wasn't sure about where to take the story direction next.

"May be if I have Max go Betty about .... no that could be done with Icarus. As for Elissandra ... may be we could-". He stopped mumbling to himself as he lost his train of thought. He sat there thinking while half asleep. He just wasn't ready to continue yet but he wanted to settle this matter between Max, Betty, and Icarus. He also thought the antagonist (against Max) Darrell and how he could become the ultimate villain of the story for the final conflict and climax.

It was now 12:20 am and still the rody bunch outside the apartment complex still made noise, dancing to music, talking loudly things he couldn't hear properly. Wallas felt disgust for their late night partying. Then .... all of a sudden .... Wallas jumped in his couch seat.

He turned towards the front door to his apartment. He femt alittle nervous perhaps it was one of the partygoers at the door. He didnt feel right talking with anyone who was drunk. Again, three knocks on the door sounded at Wallas's door. Again, Wallas said nothing hoping the person on the other side went away.

However, it dawned on him he still had the lamp light on and perhaps his presence was given away. Another three knocks wwre made against his door as the person on the otherside wanted something. However, this time the stranger called out. "Hello .... hello I-i-i ... I kn-now its ... late but I .... Oh please can we talk." The sound of the stranger was female. Wallas felt nervous about responding back.

"Hello hello please can you help me-oh .... hmmmmmmmm!" The stranger moaned. Wallas thought about calling the police but the stranger started crying and moaning outside his apartment. "Oh please open up I know it late but I have to pee and I can't hold it much longer." the stranger moaned. Wallas didn't feel right about this and just kept silent.

The female stranger replied again, asking for entrance into Wallas' home for use of his bathroom. "Look I just h-have to p-pee that's all. Please allow me to use your bathroom." Wallas wasn't sure about opening the door for a stranger but he didn't want an accident right outside his door.

He went to the front door and spoke. "I don't know you and I am not comfortable with this." But the stranger insisted on her stance. "Please please let me use your bathroom. I've pissed myself a little into my jean shorts and a little bit down my legs. I know this is weird and late, and embarrassing ... (panting) I really need to pee and I don't want to have an accident. Please let me go use your bathroo- oh gawd I ... I can't hold it much longer oh please let me use your bathroom." the stranger cried.

Wallas looked to see outside his apartment using a small circular window in his front door. He saw a red head outside wearing a white shirt and denim shorts, black high heels, and of Caucasian skin color. Her hands were in her crotch and her face expressed immense worry and franticness. She bobbed up and down trying to hold it.

Wallas was usually a passively kind and gentlemanly person but this was kind of awkward. A sexy young woman was at his door asking for the chance to use his bathroom to pee and badly. He could see her pain but wasn't sure about this. The stranger re-stated her position.

"I understandhowembarrassingthisisbutIreallyhavetopeeandImighthaveanaccidentrightherepleasehelpagirloutplease!". Wallas didn't want to let in a stranger but he didn't want the stranger to have an accident. "Okay I'll let you into my bathroom but you have to leave once your done okay?" Wallas asked. The stranger replied "Deal!"

Wallas removed the latch and door locks, opened the door and allowed the stranger to enter. The stranger hobbled awkwardly inside the apartment, following Wallas towards the bathroom. At one point, she was a few steps away from the bathroom when she stopped, bending forward and wincing.

She cried out "No!" while fighting a wave of desperation as she tried to prevent a flood. She just spurted a jet into her already wet shorts. Luckily no drops escaped the outside of her already dampened shorts nor travel down her thighs. Once she felt steady to keep walking, Wallas helped her into the bathroom and turned on the light.

The stranger closed the door and proceeded to unbutton her pants. Afterwards, she proceeded to unzip the shorts zipper which only opened a quarter of the way. Because the shorts were tight there was no way she could fully remove them down to her ankles. She became even more frantic and pulled as tight as she could with her cold numb fingers. "****n zipper won't open come on damn it open up." She said in a strained voice.

She bobbed up and down frantically and about to have an accident. Time was running out. Wallas waited outside the bathroom in the living room. She tried to pull on the zipper in all directions to no avail. Suddenly, she spurted a jet of her pee, followed by another and another and another, until her spurt was full on peeing.

In a split-second she sat down on the toilet and began peeing through her shorts. They darkened more and more as her pee emerged from her groin as a several streams surrounding one central stream

The sleeves of her shorts also became drenched and saw streams emerge from them. Her buttocks area was dripping with pee. All went into the toilet. It went on like this for 45 seconds before it trickled to several small streams of droplets. After another 20 seconds, she stopped peeing and sat there for a fee minutes trying to catch her breath, shivering from being outside.

Wallas could hear the faucet running for a minute, then the toilet flushing. The door opened and out came the stranger. The stranger replied. "Thank you I feel so much better. I'm sorry for disturbing you. I'd better get going now. See you around." Wallas responded calmly "No problem." He showed her out the door and she went her separate way.

Wallas closed the door and locked it. She went back to her story a bit, then went back to sleep.

(Note: the desperate female wore this.)

$$

*002*2022-11-26 21:04

Thanks. I am glad you liked the story. I haven't been able to come with new ideas and chose a scenario not so perverted or messy. The way I see it, is better to choose thr most common and simple of scenarios without adding to much to the story.

