The Witch's Bladder Control

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-13 21:17

Susan made a horrible mistake of taunting an evil witch. As punishment, Susan is only allowed to use the bathroom whenever the witch allows her to. The witch placed a spell on Susan’s urinary and anal sphincter making it impossible for Susan to relieve herself without the witch’s permission.

Warning! This story contains some adult language, sexual references and activities, bad language, and obviously, urine and even feces. If any of those things make you uncomfortable, leave now. Remember, YOU are the one choosing to read this! Enjoy!

Like with most of my other stories, I already wrote the whole thing out. Do you guys want me to post the story in integers (like one part per week) or all at once. Thanks!

I slowly approached the door. I did my very hardest to go in without making any noise. But with my trembling legs, it was near impossible. The good news about this whole situation is, I don’t have to worry about leaking. In fact, I don’t even need to hold it. Nothing will ever come out. But it was still very uncomfortable.

I was very aware of my shaking legs. But I was unsure if it was from fear or the pain of my bladder. I held my crotch. I knew I couldn’t pee anyway, even if I tried. But it still felt good to grab it.

I spotted her. The witch was dressed in a purple robe with a brown belt around her waist. She had on a purple pointed hat and purple high heels. She had brown skin and large elephant ears. The witch was sitting on a stool. She was busy carefully pouring a lime green potion into a test tube filled with gray liquid. She kept a spellbook turned halfway open in front of her.

In the room I spotted a cage of bats and a cage of frogs, a broom leaning against the wall, a rack of spare wands - most of them had multi-colored stars on top of them - a cauldron, and a bookshelf which had spell books spilling onto the floor.

I noticed a black cat sleeping on the table alongside the witch. In his paws he held a squirming mouse. The cat was fat. It looked as if instead of mice, this cat ate other cats!

I opened my mouth to speak. But before I could, my angry bowels gave me away. Unable to contain it, I let out a large fart. I can’t help it! I get gassy when I need a number two. Yeah, I need to pee and shit. And I need to do them both really badly!

The witch stumbled. She clutched the test tube she held tightly. The black car only stirred but was not awoken by my bowels.

The witch - I learned was named Eve - spun around in her stool. “Oh,” she said. “It’s only you. You silly girl! Your farting almost made me spill my potion! Then I would have been real mad!”

“S… sorry, ma’am…” I stammered. I swallowed. So far, my attempt at this was not going well.

Eve spun back around and continued pouring her potion. “So, what can I do you for?” She asked. For an evil witch that put a spell on me and kidnapped me, she seemed awfully cheerful. Well, actually, to be fair, Eve didn’t kidnap me. After I learned of the spell she placed on me, I thought it would be best if I stayed close to her. She offered me a room in her very large, impressive castle. It is funny, for such an evil witch, she seems to have a good side. Or maybe she was just anxious that she didn’t have to capture me and drag me here herself.

“Oh, nothing.” I stood, clapping my hands together. After each clap, I arched my elbows and swung my hands behind my back. I did my best to look bored. It was painful not to grab myself. But I didn't want to draw attention to my urge. Still, maybe if I acted like I didn't care at all, she would let me have some relief. Besides, at this point I really didn’t need to grab myself. Nothing would come out anyway and I hated it! I seriously never thought that I would wish to pee my pants! But after so long of not using the bathroom, I would have loved to stand here and just pee and crap my pants. It would have been heavenly right now! That is how you know you are desperate, when you don’t mind soaking and or messing yourself. “I just wanted to talk, see how you are doing.” I did my best to make small talk. “What potion are you working on?”

“Just a potion to change the color of the moon.” Eve said. “After all these centuries of staring up at it at night, that whitish yellow-color is getting old. Don’t you agree?”

It probably wasn't the best idea for this witch to change the color of the moon. But I had bigger problems right now. All I heard was the hammering of urine in my bladder and the stinging of feces pushing against my sealed sphincter. I felt another fart on the way. “Oh, yes.” I agreed. “Boring. I am kind of bored, now that you mention it.”

“Oh really?” Not looking at me, Eve turned a page in her spell book. “I would have thought that that full bladder would keep you occupied.”

“Yeah,” I scratched behind my ear nervously. Eve must have caught on by now. I felt my throat dry up. “Now that you mention it, honestly, I have kind of grown accustomed to a full bladder and bowels.”

Eve turned her head to look at me, eagerness in her eyes. “Your bowels are full too?” She exclaimed.

“A little.” I replied.

“Oh goodie!” Eve giggled, looking back at her spell book.

“Anyway, on that note,” I swallowed. It was probably best to mention this now. I could already feel my possibilities for a bathroom break diminish as this conversion dragged on. It was probably already out of the question, but a girl had to try! “Mind if I use the bathroom?” I asked.

No response.

“Umm… Eve?” I asked. “Mind if I…”

“Let out a squirt in your pants.” Eve commanded.

Before I could even respond, I felt my urinary bladder relax for just a second, only a second, and I felt hot liquid spray into my knickers. (I am not British, but I just love that word!) I quickly grasped at my crotch, but there was no stopping that stream. It was completely involuntary! And worse… without me knowing before it happened. At least normally when you leak some urine, you can feel it coming. I didn’t feel that until it was out!

Eve spun in her stool again to face me. She shook her head in disgust. “So naughty.” Eve wagged a finger, beckoning me towards her. “Come here, come here,” Eve said softly. She didn’t sound like she wanted to kill me. Still, my legs trembled more than before. “Come here,” Eve repeated. I swallowed, sucked up my courage, and took a few shaky steps. I finally made it to Eve.

Eve gently wrapped her arms around me and pulled me in closer until I was stilling on her lap. “Look at me, look at me,” Eve said in that sweet voice. She gently placed a finger under my chin and moved my head towards her.

She reminded me of my dad when my parents sent me away to a dumb school to learn to be a ‘lady’ and shit like pour tea the right wya and wear teh right dress. Just bullshit female activities. I cried, not wanting to go. My dad had beckoned me towards him and told me to look at him. My dad told me softly that he didn’t agree with my mother and thought I should grow up to be whoever I wanted. But in my household growing up, what mom said went. My dad had zero authority to stop her even if he wanted to. I wondered if Eve knew this. She was a witch. It was possible I suppose. But why she was acting like my dad was when I was so miserable, I had no idea.

“See, sweetie, see?” Eve whispered delicately into my ear. “I can control your bladder and your bowls. If I say to release some, you release. If I say to hold, you hold. This is your new life now. But it is okay.” Eve gently tucked my hair behind my ear. Her hands were so icy. “I think secretly, you like this.” Eve giggled. I was so close to her that I could see every freckle on her face. “Plus, you deserve this.” Eve added. “Remember what you did to me?”

“Yes.” I muttered.

“You were so mean to poor me.” Eve said. “You remember?”

“Yes.”

“What do you have to say, Susan?” Eve whispered.

I forced myself to meet the witch’s green eyes. “I’m sorry.” I said sincerely.

Eve pursed her lips. “It’s too late.” She said sadly.

The only thing that went through my head was wondering why Eve set me up to apologize if she wasn't taking apologies. Strangely enough, that is something my big sister did to me all the time. Did Susan know that? No. It could have just been a coincidence. Maybe I was reading far too much into this.

Eve looked out the window at the high moon and the dark trees. “Is it that late already?” She asked. “My, my, my, how time flies!” She looked back at me. “I feel bad putting you to bed like this.” Eve said. She sounded extra sinister like she meant every word. “You poor, bursting girl! Your bladder must be so stretched and bursting at the seams for release.” Eve said softly. “And your poor, poor bowels. So full of your last meal that it wants so desperately to get rid of! You poor, sweet thing…” The witch continued running her icy cold hand through my hair. She finally rested her hand on her lap and sighed. “Alright.” She said. “You win. Grab me my wand.” She pointed to the rack of wands across the room.

I looked at her. Our eyes met. I saw she was serious. I didn’t know why she needed her wand for this. She just proved she could make me lose control with just the words. Maybe because that was just a squirt she didn’t need her want, but she does if I want to release all of it. I don’t know, but I didn't question it. I leapt to my feet and dashed across the floor.

“The yellow one.” Eve ordered. “That one controls objects. In case you even need to know, the yellow wand is for objects, the green is for living creatures, the blue is for weather, the red is for natural disasters, and the black is for the most powerful spells cast at nighttime. Not that you ever need to know! But now you do.”

I grabbed the yellow wand. I didn’t know why. So many questions flooded my head. Wasn’t the black wand used for night? Was this spell not powerful enough to require more complex magic? Why did she need the object wand? Shouldn’t she if anything, use the green wand - living creatures - on me, a living creature? I didn’t care! I just had to trust Eve knew what she was doing and wouldn’t do anything too harsh to me. I needed relief now!

I quickly made my way back to Eve and handed her the yellow wand.

“Good girl.” Eve smiled at me with her sparkling teeth. “How long you been holding for anyway?”

“Since I came here.” I mumbled. After Eve put the spell on me, I felt the first tingle for pee. On my way to the castle, I felt my bowels begin to cramp up as well.

“That was eight hours ago, oh my poor baby has held it all in for eight hours now! Poor, sweet thing.” Even gushed.

“May I go now?” I asked.

“Good manners!” Eve smiled. “Now, one last thing. Toot for me.”

“W… wut?” I stammered in shock.

“Oh, baby, when you came in, passed gas, whoa!” Eve held up her hands and blew air out of her mouth. “So hot! Pass gas and I’ll let you pee and poo.” Eve playfully rolled around on her stool. My face must have looked disgusted because she added, ‘Ah, come on! You came in here and began shooting air biscuits! You can toot for me.” Eve said. “Just a little one, please. Doesn’t even have to be big!”

Why did this witch want to hear me fart again? She looked like she was truly enjoying this! I would expect that from an evil witch but… this gave me different vibes. Eve didn’t look so much like she was doing this because she was being mean. She looked more like… was she turned on? Can witches be turned on? And why at farting?

Once again, I didn’t care - well I did, but this was clearly a question for another day. Right now, I needed relief! I tried to fart. But for once, nothing came out. Of course! When I want to fart, I can’t!

“I can’t.” I sighed.

“Yes, you can.” Eve said. “You want the potty? Then you toot for me.”

“Don’t you control my bowels?” I demanded. “Why not just make me fart?”

“Oh, honey,” Eve made a sad face. “I only control your bowels by keeping back the solid stuff. The gas is all on you. Otherwise, you never would have let out those hot farts earlier!” There it was again… hot! Did she even know what the word, ‘hot’ meant in this century? “You can do it.” Eve said. “I know you can.”

“I can’t.” I whined.

“No fart equals no potty.” Eve giggled. “And I’m going out soon, so you want to pee pee and poo poo, you better fart soon.”

I grunted. I closed my eyes and tried to picture my tensed up bowels. I pushed and pushed and pushed some more, but all I felt was some feces attempting (and failing) to make a break for the exit. “I can’t…” I grunted and finally as I said it, BROOT! Not the largest fart I’ve ever done, but not the quietest either.

The witch let out a sharp moan. “Oh, good girl!” Eve shouted, rocking on her stool. Now that moan sounded like an orgasm. Maybe I am just tried and stressed out and trying to give this monster human emotions to make her seem less scary or some psychological shit like that. “Thank you.” Eve nodded. “As a reward, you may potty now.”

I was so happy I felt my bladder and bowels jump for joy. (Which only made it worse). I was ready to ask where the bathroom was. In all my searching of this castle, I have yet to find anything. Before I could ask, Eve pointed her wand to the floor and there were some sparks, then a metal bucket appeared in thin air.

Eve waved her arm like one would do when bowing down to royalty. “Your potty.” Eve said graciously.

I stared at the bucket, then back up at Eve. “You’re kidding, right?” I asked, desperately. “Come on, where’s the real bathroom?”

“That is the real bathroom.” Eve said. “You’re bathroom, anyway.”

“It’s a pail.”

“Actually, it’s a bucket.”

“What;s the difference?” I demanded.

“Pails usually have handles whereas this one does not…” Eve began.

“I DON’T CARE!!!” I knew I shouldn’t scream at the witch who controlled my very bladder and bowels. But I was so angry with her, I completely lost my temper. “Look,” I took a deep breath and grabbed my crotch. “I really want to use a bathroom. I want to sit on the toilet and pee and poop, okay? I appreciate the thought and all, but I don’t want to use a bucket or a pail.”

“Wow, Susan,” Eve said. “I would have thought you of all people would be happy using a bucket to take a leak and a dump in. And yes, I use those words for a reason.”

“What are you talking about?” I demanded.

“Didn’t you mommy want you to be a proper lady?” Susan asked. “Didn’t daddy think you should be who you wanted? You liked daddy best because of this, didn’t you?”

I froze. My suspicions were confirmed. Eve did know about my childhood.

“Big sister was always mommy’s favorte.” Eve went on. “She was a nice little lady who wore dresses and played with dolls and had tea parties. Meanwhile, you played with dump trucks and action figures. You watched sports and screamed at the TV. You used to be able to burp the alphabet, couldn’t you? But you were okay that big sis was mommy’s favorite. Cause you were daddy’s favorite. You two got along so well. Isn’t that right?”

“How… how do you know all that?” I stammered.

“Make mommy happy.” Eve replied. “Use the potty. Mommy would never want her baby girl pee peein’ somewhere she wasn’t supposed to! Like a bucket or outside,” Eve squinted her eyes at me. “You peed outside a lot as a kid, huh? Still do as a matter of fact.”

“H… how…” My voice was now as shaky as my legs.

“But I get it.” Eve replied. “Mommy wanted you to be a proper lady. So much so, she sent you to that school. What was it called? Madam Macy’s School for Little Ladies?” Eve even knew the name of that damned school! How?!? “Use the potty like the little lady mommy intended.” Eve taunted. “Of course, daddy’s girl would just grab that bucket and waz. But you’re not daddy’s girl, are you? No. You’re mommy’s little princess! Make mommy happy and use the toilet. Mommy would love that, wouldn’t she? Make mommy happy!”

I stared at Eve and she stared back at me. Not taking my eyes off the witch, I said one simple sentence to her.

“Give me the bucket.”

Grinning, Eve picked up the metal bucket and handed it to me. I angrily stacked it and set it on the ground behind me. Grumbling and cursing, I undid my belt. “I’ll show you what a lady can do!” I hissed under my breath.

“You’re even wearing little panties like mommy wanted.” Eve said. She leaned forwards “Or as you prefer to call them kickers. I thought daddy gave you boy’s boxers growing up. Of course, he did it in secret so mommy wouldn’t get, for a lack of a better term, pissed.”

How much did she know! Yes, my dad knew how much I hated panties… knickers… gah! So, he bough me boy’s boxers and they were sooo comfortable! My dad usually did the wash, but one day my stupid mom found them and that was teh end of that. Now that I moved out, I could start wearing boxers again if I wanted. But I can’t get the vision of my furious mother out of my head. What did that woman do to me? She was even worse than Eve - the actual witch! Come to think of it, as a child I would have gladly peed and shit into a bucket, no questions asked. I always had so much pride that no amount of pressure to be a lady ever broke me. But come to think of it, maybe my mom and that damn school changed me more than I thought.

I sat on the bucket, feeling the metal press against my bare skin. Eve leaned forwards. This time, she didn’t even speak. She only mouthed the words, ‘And… release.’ And I was off. No stopping it. No controlling it. The stream flooded out of me like a geyser. On the other end I felt log after log of feces squeeze out between my butt cheeks and plop into the pail. I could hear the roaring of my stream as it crashed against the metal bucket. It occurred to me too late that I should have asked for privacy to do this. But I highly doubt Eve would have given me privacy anyway. I was just happy I got my relief and my pants were dry. Even the squirt I let out earlier was nearly dry now.

I finished emptying out my bladder rather quickly. It took a few extra pushes but I managed to get the rest of the poop out. The bucket was so full at this point that when I let some poop drop down, I felt my own urine splash back up at me.

At long last, I was done and I felt sooo much better!

“Need tissue?” Eve smiled.

“And do what with it?” I demanded. “Wipe? I don’t think so! Wiping your ass is for sissies!” I stood, pulled my knickers and pants back up and redid my belt all without wiping. “And for a finishing touch, mind if I freshen the air?” I pushed my butt back and instantly let out a solid sounding fart.

“Wow! You are still pretty manly after all!” Eve cried.

“Yep! I am more masculine than actual men.” I insisted. “Seriously, football players and boxers wish they could match my level of manly roughness!”

“I guess so.” Eve giggled. “Well, off to bed. I’m going out for a bit to cast spells and whatnot. If you get hungry or thirsty, help yourself. Fill back up and we’ll play again.” She giggled.

“What do you want to do with this?” I asked, keeping my voice at the lowest octave I possibly could manage. I pointed down to the bucket.

“I’ll dump it outside along my way.” Eve said.

“Nice.” I yanked up my pants, gave a spit in my toilet bucket for good measure, then trotted out of the room.

*001*2022-12-18 18:52

Here is part 2 of this story! It is rather short. Enjoy!

I rolled around for a long time trying to fall asleep. I have to admit, the room the witch gave me was pretty sweet. I had my own TV and refrigerator. There was also a book shelf (but I don’t read). There was a bookshelf which would have been great if I liked reading. (Which I don’t!) I also had a window that gave a great view of the forest. I had a queen sized bed. This room had everything but its own bathroom! (I had a feeling that one was intentional in Eve’s part).

I had many thoughts in my head. It may be the empty relaxed bladder/bowels talking, but Eve doesn’t seem all that bad. I kind of enjoyed messing around with her earlier. Did I really just say that? Okay, it was kind of fun pissing and shitting full force into that bucket. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad living here. I’m sure I could get used to it.

But I was mostly thinking about what Eve said. I don’t even care anymore that she knew all that information about me. No matter how the witch knew, she was right. My sister was always the good girl. Good grades, good looks, but she would be the first to run from a spider. While she practiced her damn make-up or piano or some shit, I went out with my guy friends and pelted rocks at cars. I guess I can understand why my mom liked her better in that sense. But I was daddy’s little girl and daddy’s little man. That was a double honor. Even though he never said it out loud, I knew my dad was kind of disappointed never to receive a son. 

What father wouldn’t be? So naturally, my dad was so happy when I turned out to be a masculine little girl. He never pushed me to turn out that way either. I just did. And he loved it. Not only because it gave him a friend and someone to bond with, but also because my dad was a big advocate for women’s rights. He believed women could do anything a man could do. And to have a daughter that willingly peed outside and burped just for fun, it just proved his point. Women can do anything a man can do. I honestly think my dad was more upset than me when my mom decided to send me to that school.

I replayed the conversation in my head. I went downstairs one night for a drink of water and heard them arguing.

“She is a good kid, Beccy, that is all we, as her parents, could ever want!” My dad shouted.

“I don’t care, Tom!” Mom cried. “She is disgusting! She is so…”

“Unfeminine?”

“Exactly!”

“What is feminine?” Dad asked.

“Don’t, don’t do that.” Mom warned.

Dad had this thing where he would take a step back and point out the truth behind what we were saying. Just like he did here…

“We as humans decided what is masculine and what is feminine.” Dad said. “Do you think little girls naturally play with dolls? No. Little girls only play with dolls because that is what we give them.”

“They should play with dolls.” Mom snorted. “It is normal.”

“But that’s what I am saying, no it isn’t!” Dad shouted. “Just like boys. Do boys naturally like to spit and swear? No. They only pick it up because we as a society tell them that is what boys do. Honey, our kids both turned out beautiful, inside and out. They developed their own things and found what makes them happy. For Jessica, it is make-up and dresses and dolls and our little Susan likes to burp and watch football and…”

“Be your little friend?” Mom offered.

Dad was taken aback by this. “I am happy about that, sure, but…”

“It is the only reason you are saying this!” Mom snapped. “If Susan wasn’t so close to you, you wouldn’t care what I do with her.”

“That is not true! I care about my daughters just as much as you!” Dad cried. “Jessica and I aren’t that close. But if you did something stupid to her, I would also…”

“Stupid?” Mom hissed. “You think I am being stupid?” I heard the sound of a chair against the floor which told me mom stood up.

I will never forget this night. This is the night I learned why dad always did as mom said. I heard the sound of a slap. Hiding behind the wall of the kitchen, I choked back a sob.

“Remember that,” mom growled. “The next time you refer to your wife as stupid.”

“Y… yes, dear.” Dad swallowed.

Why didn’t dad stand up to her? It might be sexist of me, but dad was a man! He should have beat her ass! I would have loved to see dad whip her and gain custody of me! Instead, my dad allowed his wife to beat him and control him and his children.

The next morning, I had asked my father about this. He insisted that he was fine and they just got into a fight. When I pointed out the red, hand shaped mark on his cheek, he told me to eat my breakfast.

Finally, having given up on sleep, I climbed out of bed, grabbed a beer from my fridge and turned on the football game. Thankfully the game was still on! I increased the volume, sat on my bed, cracked open my cold beer, stuck a hand down my pants, sipped the beer, and watched the game. I let out a scream every now and again for a touchdown or a foul.

Maybe all these family issues are why I need to prove to myself that I am masculine. Why couldn’t I have just been born a boy! Boys are so cool! Girls are lame! Boys play with race cars and watch superhero movies. Fun! Girls sit in front of a vanity and do make-up and nails all day. Gross! If I was just born a boy, my mom never would have wanted me to be a little lady. She never would have sent me away to that school. My dad likely never would have gotten hit by her. But no. Damn my stupid vagina!

I let out a large belch, wishing I was a boy.
