Quest for a Toilet

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-07 05:07

Warning! There is very little swearing and talk of inappropriate body parts. There is obviously also urine involved. If you are uncomfortable with any of those things, please leave. Remember, you are the one choosing to read this story. With that said, I hope you all enjoy it!

Jenna sat on the bed in her jail cell squirming around. She regretted all that water and Gateriad she had to drink. But she was thirsty. Besides, she didn’t think she would end up in here! She had to bust out and find a place to pee!

Why wasn’t there a place to pee in here?!? Seriously, why didn’t the guys who kidnapped her at least give her a toilet. This was supposed to be a jail cell, wasn’t it? Where is the toilet? Even prisoners need to pee.

Jenna had half a mind to just unbuckle her pants and squat right here. Why not? These guys kidnapped her! She had every right to pee on their floor! But sadly, out of human decency, she could just not bring herself to do it. Besides, these guys that kidnapped her were unfortunately now her captors. She didn’t want to make them any more angry than they already were.

Under normal circumstances, as soon as they opened the door, Jenna would leap out in full badass mode and kick them all down to the ground and run off. But that depended on how many of them there were and whether or not they had weapons. It didn’t matter anyway. In this state, Jenna could barely remove her hands from her crotch let alone kick ass!

Jenna just hoped that someone, anyone would come soon! Her prayers were answered… but not in the way she had hoped.

The air before the jail cell began to shimmer. Suddenly, floating a few feet off the ground, before Jenna’s eyes was a ghost dressed as a warrior. He had golden armor which was a light yellow due to his ghostly glow. He wore a viking helmet. Half of his right arm was completely gone. He had an eye patch and a long scar above his lip. He had a sword and shield raised.

The ghost glared at Jenna with his one good eye. Jenna felt herself ready to pee (mostly from fear).

“Jenna, is it?” The ghost asked in a gruff voice.

“Umm… yes.” The young adventure stammered. “Who are you? How are you in my cell?”

“My name is Bjorn! I was leader of a great viking army!” Bjorn the ghost cried. “Sadly, like all the greats, I was defeated. The same torments that grabbed you, grabbed me as well. I was executed in this very cell.”

Jenna swallowed out of fear.

“I see you are in quite the spot.” Bjorn said. “Luckily for you, you have ghostly aid. These men have tried to end the world many times. They always fail in some way. You must leave this place at once Jenna and help your people defend against them! By the way, what is with all the fidgeting?”

Jenna was embarrassed. She was supposed to be a brave adventurer! And here she was doing the pee dance. But she could not help it. If she did not dance, she would leak.

“I just have to use the bathroom.” Jenna admitted.

“Why not take a piss here?” Bjorn asked. “Because you are female?”

“Oh, no, I am an adventurer! I pop a squat and pee outside all the time!” Jenna exclaimed. “I just do not like to pee on the floor inside. Even in my captor’s prison cell. I need a bathroom! It is the humane thing to do!”

“Humane thing to do.” Bjoorn scoffed. “Kidnapping you and forcing you here against your will where you are unallowed to piss for hours does not seem very humane to me! But if you insist.”

“So, can you help me?” Jenna asked.

Bjorn nodded. “I can. We must make haste and free you from your imprisonment!”

“Jenna began. “The door is locked.”

“We all have powers.” Bjorn explained. “Me and the two other ghosts. Sadly, we have been trapped in these walls, the same walls they executed us for many years. So, our powers are nearly gone. But we each have enough strength left for one final wish. You may ask us each for a gift and we shall grant it. What is your wish of me?”

“I wish I was out of this cell!” Jenna cried.

“That is an easy one!” Bjorn pointed his sword to the doors.

Jenna’s mouth dropped.

A blast of light shot from the tip of Bjorn’s sword and melted the iron bars of the door into puddles of liquid.

“You are free.” Bjorn said. “Seek out the library. That is where my comrade, Milo was executed. He may help you more. Good luck, my brave adventurer. Do it for Asgard!.” Bjorn raised his sword into the air and then vanished.

“Hey, do you know where the bathroom…” Jenna called, but Bjorn was already gone.

Jenna rose. Her legs were shaking. She could not believe that she would have help on this journey! She also could not believe how full her bladder was. She must find the library. Maybe she could ask this next ghost Milo for a bathroom. No, that would be selfish. The whole world was counting on her to escape and save the world.

Jenna stumbled past the puddle of iron and made her way down a dark corridor that was faintly illuminated with green torches. Jenna wished Bjorn had at least told her where the library was.

Jenna made it to the end of the hallway. She saw two flights of stairs. One going down and one going up. Decision time!

Jenna knew from past experiences that libraries are usually kept on higher floors in towers like this. Besides, she came in through the downstairs area when she was dragged in, and she didn’t see a library. She made the decision to go up.

Climbing stairs was torture on a painfully full bladder. Jenna stumbled upwards step after step. Each step put an extra pound of pressure down on her pelvis. She had to stop twice to grab herself and regain control before continuing. All this pressure hurt!

Jenna finally made it to the top. She looked around the third floor. She found a kitchen and dining area, a ball room, a chapel, and a few other miscellaneous rooms. Jenna made her way back to the staircase and ascended the next floor.

Once again, the steps were torture on her bladder/ This time, Jenna had to stop way more than twice to regain control.

To Jenna’s horror, the first thing that greeted her on the fourth floor was a large bubbling fountain. Watching the water spray up into the air and then shoot into eight different streams, one in each direction, it all made Jenna’s bladder ache and throb. The water in the fountain was bubbling. The fountain made a loud roar. Jenna felt a small drop escape just having to witness this monster before her. She pushed on.

To Jenna’s relief, behind the fountain, she found a pair of large double doors. And when she pushed them open, she found herself in a grant, two-story tall library.

Jenna took a few steps in. She looked around, examining all the dusty shelves with the even duster books. It appeared as if no one used this place in quite some time. Still, just looking at all these stacks and stacks of knowledge was remarkable! But right now, Jenna’s main priority was a bathroom. Now that was a room she wanted to visit!

“Hello, hello!” Jenna called. She kept one hand in between her trembling legs and used the other to cup around her mouth, making her voice louder and more audible. “Milo?” Jenna called. “Anyone?”

Slam!

The doors behind Jenna flew shut. The sound was loud enough to make Jenna lose another small trickle. A cloud of dust flew upwards and engulfed Jenna. She felt some dust get into her lungs and made her chock and gag.

“Sorry about that, lassie,” a Scottish voice said. “Sometimes I get a wee bit carried away, eh?” Jenna truly wished he had not phrased it like that! Wee! “Here, take this girl.” The ghost handed Jenna a glass of water. Desperate to rid the dust from her lungs, Jenna took the glass and took several big gulps. Finally, aware of what she was doing to her bladder, she spit some water out and passed the water back to the ghost.

“Thanks,” Jenna mumbled. Now with the dust cleared from her vision, Jenna saw the second ghost more clearly. He was dressed as a Scottish warrior. He carried a club over his shoulder and had a long orange beard. He had one sideburn off his left ear, but the right was gone as if someone tore it off. He was also missing his nose and a part of his right thumb. His knee cap looked like it was bashed in.

“Sorry again,” the second ghost said.

“Don’t worry about it, you Milo?” Jenna asked.

“Right to the point, ah?” The ghost chuckled. “Yeah, I be Milo! The bravest warrior Scotland has ever laid eyes upon!” He swung his club in the air, laughing like a mad man. “You look like you are in a wee bit o’ trouble, eh?” Milo asked. “What’s with all the funny movements, lassie?”

Jenna had to bend down and keep her knees firmly pressed up against her crotch.

“I just… I just need to use the bathroom.” Every time Jenna said this sentence out loud, she felt like she was losing a piece of her dignity. She is a fine adventurer! Savor of humanity! She shouldn’t be potty dancing, struggling to regain control of her dumb bladder. These guys were warriors! Jenna bet they never had been in a situation like this!

“Ah, I’m sorry, lassie.” Milo said. “I don’t know of a place you can relieve yourself. You may wish for one, however, eh?”

Jenna thought of it. She could wish for a toilet and one would appear like that… No! Jenna scolded herself for even having such a thought! Her mind was made up. These guys planned on destroying the world. All those innocent lives lost. Jenna had a duty. It was her job to protect them all. She would not be stopped by these villains that took her, not even by a full bladder! No matter how painfully full it was!

Jenna shook her head. “I can hold it.” She promised. Although, she mostly said this to encourage herself, but she didn’t add that last part. “Actually, truth be told, I don’t know a whole lot of what is going on here.” Jenna explained. “I am an adventurer, see. I go around and well… look for adventure. And last night, I was at a tavern and they told me of these guys and their evil plot. I came to scope it out and that is when they nabbed me! Bottom line, I have no clue what is happening here. What is going on? What are they planning? Why? That is my wish. I can see you inhabit a library full of knowledge. Well, that is my wish. Knowledge.”

“Ah, I am wise and knowledgeable indeed, las!” Milo cried. “I have been known to be a bit of a book worm in me time! Actually, when I came here to stop these foes the time before last, I came here to gain what you seek, knowledge. This is where they slain me! Not so bad really. I like reading. Library, not a bad place to spend all of eternity, ah? Anyway, these foes you face, hey obtain a large magical crystal. It is a million times grander than the biggest diamond you ever laid your eyes on!

This magic crystal is kept in this very castle! Where, I do not know. But it has the power to transform men into rodents and women into birds and wee little babies into stones. These men plan to turn the world into animal and rock and then slaughter them all. As for why they do such horrible deeds? They do it to seek power. You see, they do not plan on turning all the world into these creatures and stones. No. Rather, only some. Enough to get their point across. After that, the world will be so scared that they will give these horrible men whatever they wish.”

Jenna nodded. “You said they killed you when you tried to stop them the time before last.” Jenna recalled. “And the first ghost I saw, Bjorn, he said these same men have tried to do this many times.”

“Ah.” Milo nodded. “You see, this magic crystal also grants our foes immortality. Meaning, they can never die. Unless the crystal were to be destroyed, o’ course! These men have lived for thousands o’ years, tryin’ to do the same nasty deed over and over again. Many have tried to stop them. First came Bjorn. They slaughtered him in the prison. Next, myself. I was killed off here in this library. The third and final hero was none other than Raven Feathers. He was killed in the corridor of the west tower.”

“Bjorn mentioned they have failed many times.” Jenan said. “How exactly? If you guys never stopped them… how?”

“The answer is the same as what they seek. Power.” Milo said simply. “They did not have enough power in the crystal. They must kill humans with special blades. When the human falls, the crystal gains a bit more power. They have spent many years killin’ and killin’ to gain enough power in the crystal. That is where they are now actually, on a killing spree.”

Jenna stood up straight, keeping her legs crossed, one in front of the other. “You said if this crystal were ever to be destroyed, they would no longer be immortal.” Jenna recalled.

“Good listening ears, lass!” Milo exclaimed. “When the crystal be destroyed, so do the men that obtain her.”

“How do you destroy this crystal?” Jenna asked.

Milo shook his head. “That I do not know. I know not how to destroy the crystal, nor where it is.”

“Okay, well, thank you. You have been most helpful!” Jenna squeezed herself. “I… I take it I must now visit the west tower’s corridor to see this Raven Feathers?”

Mile smirked. “You are a wise one. Good luck, lassie! Avenge us! Also, please get to a latrine before you make a puddle.” With that, the Scottish warrior, Milo vanished.

Jenna stumbled out past the now open doors and down the hall. She knew - from having overheard the men that brought her here - that the jail cell was in the east tower. That meant she had a long way to go.

Using great directional scenes, Jenna navigated her way back to the first floor, then across a very long corridor to the west tower. As Jenna arrived to the tower, she realized two things. One, she had no idea which corridor Milo had been talking about! And two, her bladder was more full than ever! Jenna wanted so badly just to pop a squat right here. But once again, the humane side of her told her no! She would just have to wait…

Jenna was so desperate now, she just wanted to wander around the west tower shouting Raven Feather’s name. But she didn’t want to draw unnecessary attention to herself. Milo had stated that the men were out on a killing spree. Jenna would make sure that no one ese suffered at their hands!

But her growing bladder told her that her quest to save the world was quickly becoming a quest for a toilet.

Jenna wished she knew where the crystal was and how to destroy it. Then, she wouldn’t even have to bother with Raven Feathers, she could just go to the crystal and do it in. But as upset as she was, she was also happy. She was making a lot of progress! She came in here not knowing a thing about these men or their plan. Now she knew quite a bit.

But Jenna’s happiness was quickly being dulled by her swollen bladder which was now bulging from her skin.

Jenna began exploring the first corridor. She would have to do this the old fashioned way and look all over. She had a feeling - at least she hoped - that Raven Feathers would show himself when she stumbled upon his territory. The other two warrior ghosts did anyway.

Jenna was finally coming to the end of the hallway, when she saw a very familiar blue light. There before her was a Native American spirit. You could tell - even from his ghostly glow - that he used to have dark skin. He had all different types of animals tattooed all over his bare chest. He wore nothing but a loin cloth and a headband with a single eagle feather in it. Slung over his shoulder was a bow and a half empty quiver of arrows. Raven Feathers didn’t look beat up like the other two. But he did have lots of dried blood over both ears.

“Hey,” Jenna kept both hands in her crotch. She moved her legs up and down as she spoke. “Are you Raven Fetahers?”

The ghost kept his eyes on Jenna’s movements. Jenna feared he would ask that dreaded question. “What movements are you making?”

So he did.

“I have to go to the bathroom, all right!” Jenna roared. She didn’t mean to be rude. But after having answered that question twice so far, she was already very embarrassed. Some adventurer she made. She was close to peeing her pants.

“No need to get angry.” Raven Feathers said calmly. “The spirit of the buffalo takes a deep cleansing breath before grazing on the grain of tomorrow.”

“Sorry,” Jenna apologized, moving her legs quicker now, both hands still clamped against her pee hole through her pants. “I just really have to pee, and I’m embarrassed to tell you the truth.”

“No need to be embarrassed, my child.” Raven Feathers said calmly. “Urination is a form that connects us all, such as sweat or saliva or blood. It makes us one.”

“Yeah, umm, you have a wish for me, right?” Jenna asked.

“Indeed. What wish do you ask for, young traveler?" Raven Feathers asked.

Jenna still wanted a bathroom more than ever! But she would not dare ask for one. Her selfless nature would not allow it.

“I wish for a way to destroy the crystal. The one these guys are using to take over the world.” Jenna said. “I wish for a way to destroy the crystal and in turn, destroy them.”

Raven Feathers gently clapped his hands together. “My child,” he said. “You wish for something that you already obtain.” Raven Feathers looked her up and down. “And judging from those movements, you obtain quite a lot of it!”

“What do you mean?” Jenna asked.

“The answer, my child, is water.”

“Water?”

“Water is a form that…”

“Yeah, yeah, water is a form.” Jenna grunted. “Can we please not talk about what! What does… that word, have to do with any of this?”

“W… that word will destroy the crystal.” Raven Feathers explained. “You pour some onto the crystal and it will cave in on itself. The evil ones shall be destroyed and me and my brothers may finally be set free.”

“Set free?” Jenna asked.

“Me and the other ghosts that now inhabit these walls shall be set free once our life purpose - of defeating the evil ones - is accomplished.” Raven Feathers explained.

Jenna was overjoyed. Bjorn, Milo, and Raven Feathers have all been so kind to her. She was eager to see them gain their freedom. But in order for that to happen, she must stop these men from turning the world into rodents, birds, and rocks.

“But, I don’t have any… you know what on me.” Jenan said, moving her legs higher as she danced desperately around. “I drank it all.”

“Precisely, my child. You do still have it on you.” Raven Feathers said. “Just in a different form.”

“You… you mean?” Jenna knew that urine was ninety-five percent water. This might work. She could solve two terrible problems at once!

“Yes,” Raven Feathers nodded.

Jenna glanced off to the side and something caught her eye. Behind them was a small room. It was… a bathroom!

Jenna was so excited to see a proper restroom, she felt like crying. That was it! Jenna had a plan. She didn’t know where the crystal was, but… No! She already used her wish asking for a way to destroy the crystal.

“I don’t suppose I can get another wish?” Jenna asked Raven Feathers desperately. “I have a plan! I know what to do, but I need another wish. Do you have any powers left?”

“Whoa, whoa, slow down my child.” Raven Feathers held up his hands and chuckled. “What ‘another wish’?” The Bative American warrior asked. “I do not recall you wishing fro anything yet.”

“But… I asked for a way to destroy the crystal.”

“You already have a way to destroy the crystal.” Raven Feathers smiled. “You have not asked me for anything you do not have yet.”

Now Jenna knew she was going to cry. “I wish that the crystal was directly underneath the toilet and that the bottom of the toilet was gone!”

“Done.” Raven Feathers grinned some more. “I suspect I should give you some privacy now?”

Jenna smiled ear to ear and gave a weak nod of the head. “Please.”

Jenna dashed into the bathroom and slammed the door behind her. Looking down, Jenna realized that this bathroom had an asian squat toilet in it. But that was okay! Jenna has squatted in the wilderness enough times that squatting to pee was no big deal fro her.

Jenna noticed that as her wish with Raven Feathers, the bottom of the toilet was gone, showing a large hole in the floor. Below that was an enormous glowing blue orb. Just as Milo warned her, it was a million times larger than any diamond she has ever seen.

Jenna eagerly unbuckled her belt, yanked down her underwear, spread her legs, and squatted down. Jenna breathed a heavy sigh or relief. “Whew!” Jenna sighed as she relaxed her painful muscles and felt a slow trickle of urine make its way out of her pee hole.

The stream started off small at first, but it quickly grew in both size and power. Soon, Jenna had a large gushing stream shooting out of her urethra. She felt her bladder empty and it was the most joyful feeling ever.

Except for the knowledge of what she was actually doing, of course. Jenna watched as her golden stream flew through the open gap in the floor and made direct contact with the giant crystal below her. She watched as the crystal began to fizz and hiss. Blue sparks began to shoot out of the crystal.

Jenna thought of all the men she would save from turning into rodents, the women she would save from a fate of being birds, all the children that would no longer become rocks. Jenna was destroying the evil men and stopping them from killing anyone else ever again. Jenna was freeing Bjorn, Milo, and Raven Feathers from this place and helping their spirits move on. Jenna was doing all of this… just by peeing!

Jenna felt her bladder a little over half empty, when she heard voices outside.

“Hey, how are you ghosts away from your locations!” Jenna recognized the voice as Dylan, one of her kidnappers.

“Yeah, I thought the viking was in the prison and the Scottish ghost was in the library.” Came the voice of Jay, another of one Jenna’s kidnappers.

“We may not be able to get rid of you guys,” said the voice of Rob, the third kidnapper. “To be fair, we had no idea after we killed you, you would always reside here. But either way, you do not have authority to…”

“Ah, zip it!” Came Bjorn’s powerful, booming voice. “We have been trapped her for centuries watching you three murder many men, women, and children. It ends now!”

“What are you three going to do to stop us?” Dylan demanded.

“We can’t even feel you touch us!” Shouted Rob.

“Not us.” Raven Feathers’ replied.

The door to the bathroom flew open. Jenna would normally be upset to have her privacy invaded. But she could not resist the looks of astonishment of the men’s faces. Jenna’s back was to the now open door. Still in her squatting position, her butt completely showing, Jenna turned her neck around and winked at the three villainous men.

“How did you get out of your cell?” Dylan snarled.

“I had a little help.” Jenna smiled at the three ghosts who all smiled back at her.

“A chick peeing?” Jay asked. “That is supposed to stop us?”

“Ah, lad, take a closer look!” Milo wailed.

The three men took a few steps closer. Jenna didn’t mind. On the contrary, she had hoped they would come closer. The three men suddenly froze. They noticed the floor ripped away and saw their beloved crystal right below Jenna’s strong stream.

“Wait, no!” All three men wailed.

The crystal slip in half and caved inwards on itself before turning into a massive pile of blue dust.

“Nooooooo!” Dylan, Jay, and Rob shouted as they followed in the crystals' lead and crumbled into three heaps of dust.

Jenna finished up. She stood, pulled up her pants, and buckled everything back into place. An empty bladder has never felt so good!

Bjorn, Milo, and Raven Feathers were all examining their hands which began glowing a blinding blue.

“Thank you, Jenna! You saved us all!” Bjorn bellowed.

“Nice job, lassie! Yeh really saved the day!” Milo cried.

“Nice work, my child.” Raven Feathers said. “Now, we may rest.”

“Thank you all! I couldn’t have done it without you!” Jenna cried.

Jenna watched as the trio of ghosts faded away into wisps of blue light and were gone. Jenna took a deep breath, then made her way out of the castle.

Jenna’s next stop was to go to the tavern and let everyone know the villainous men were defeated. Jenna realized she was the first - and only - person who tried to defeat these guys and succeed! And it was thanks to the help of three warrior ghosts and an achingly full urinary bladder.

Jenna promised herself that at the tavern, as a reward, she would drink as much as she liked and then would go out back for a nice long pee.

Please let me know what you all think! Out of all the stories I have ever written, this is one of the ones I am the most proud of!

*003*2022-12-08 03:48

{{7 hours ago, wether said:

I am not a fan of a fantasy, but this was nice to read. Good idea and well written!

}}

I personally like fantasy more than reality. In fiction, any thing can happen, there are no limits. I personally prefer to read and write fiction, but that’s just me.

Glad you enjoyed!

{{2 hours ago, Disneybaby65 said:

It has its own cute charm to it~ very nice~ Feel like be beginning could've set a little more detail to paint the scene but over all nice read! I'd say either more detail to start or try giving it more from the character point of view describe how she feels and what she sees piecing it together more.

}}

I intentionally started it off with the reading knowing very little so they could learn as they went along.

But doing a first person POV is a good idea!

Glad you enjoyed!

*005*2022-12-09 00:31

{{17 hours ago, Tentacool said:

It was a pleasant surprise to see the protagonist of a desperation story be heroic and confident like that, awesome work!!

}}

Thank you so much!!! Glad you enjoyed!

