Crisis of a genie in desperation

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-03-05 21:12

Summary: A genie ends up trapped in a dungeon area and bursting to go. The genie looks for an exit but fails each time. Eventually, the genie can't hold it nor keep running to hide.

Comments: Greetings everyone. Hopefully the beginning of March brings some joy to those wishing for warmer weather. This story involves a character from a video game called Dark Cloud. The character, as stated by the summary, is a genie and a playable character. I will give a back story for the game and the characters up until the genie. It is to prevent confusion. I hope you like it. As always, I will be posting the story post by post. This time I will not post content or characters list. Just the story.

Backstory: The game is an adventure role-playing game for PS2. It involves friendship, forgiveness, good versus evil, and redemption. Premise of the story involves a powerful evil genie named The Dark Genie. It was created from the hate, power last, fear, desperation, and foolishness of a ruler. The ruler was deceived into taking a potion that granted him power for the protection of his country and his beloved wife. However, when his wife was killed the evil within the ruler sprang forward from himself as an evil that is almost unstoppable. The Dark Genie. This menace wreaked havoc before it was contained at the expense of those who performing the containment spell. After an era of peace, this foe was unleashed and now a boy plus his friends must work together to kill this evil forever.

The boy is from a small village named Norune Village. His name is Toan. During a festival, The Dark Genie attacked and destroyed the village amongst other villages too. But a powerful Fairy King saved Toan and sealed away the inhabitants inside atla spheres. The next day, Toan is tasked with rebuilding his village, and from there, assembling a team to help rebuild other villages, stop various monsters and kill The Dark Genie. The companions (I will mention regarding the protagonist of this omorashi story) are Xiao, Goro, and Ruby.

Xiao was a cat Toan protected and took home. After giving it a potion, it transformed into a human feline cat girl. From then on, it accompanied Toan like a little sister. She is loyal and can jump certain gaps along the way. Goro is an orphan and recluse with father issues. His father died fighting a snake monster in the nearby Wise Owl Forest. He is tough and no nonsense. He has a good heart but has a tough exterior (in mind and heart). Toan uses a sword, Xiao uses a slingshot, and Goro uses mallets/hammers/axes.

And now for the protagonist, Ruby the genie. She is a mischievous, sexy-looking, high-maintenanced, powerful, courageous, spoiled, manipulative, and loyal genie friend. She uses magical armbands to fight and open gem-locked doors. She was also the wife of Queens town's Don. She loved expensive jewelry and has a bit of a temper. She uses this to persuade those when she wants something and doesn't take no for an answer.

The website for a guide for the game is as shown below.

%https://shrines.rpgclassics.com/ps2/dcloud/walkthrough.shtml

%https://www.ign.com/wikis/dark-cloud/

*002*2023-03-06 13:56

I just gave the plot summary and some background information before posting the actual story. I am still going to post the story of course. I apologize for the inconvenience.

*003*2023-03-06 20:29

Ruby joins the team during the third stage of the game. After Toan, Xiao, and Goro make their way to Brownboo Village deep inside Wise Owl Forest, they learn the possible secrets to defeating The Dark Genie. These villagers are descendants of Moon People who didn't just come from the moon and settle the Earth, but also sealed away The Dark Genie at the expense of their lives.

That magic is no longer practiced but they recommend visiting their counterparts who stayed on the moon. To do so, they must first retrieve an orb to call upon the said means of transportation which was said to be in Queens Town, a coastal trading town near ocean. It is their the team makes their to and also learns they must fight their way through the Shipwrecked dungeon.

After acquiring enough atla spheres, and rebuilding the Don's house (named King), Toan is rewarded with a magical object, which he accidentally drops. Doing so makes the a genie (Ruby) come out and learn who called upon her. Upon learning of what Toan is doing, she agrees to help him with his quest. As I said, she uses a magical armband to attack monsters with a standard attack. But she can also attack with a charged attack.

So that's that for the backstory. Now I will begin the story which is of course fictional and never happened in the game. I am doing this because I would have chosen Xiao but she is a girl and Ruby is a grown adult genie. If you want to know more about the game please click on the links above or do your own research. Thank you.

P.S.: The main character is a sexy genie wearing sexy clothing. She wears harem pants, fancy shoes, and a red top. The top is a red-colored, strapless, and she wears an armband on her arm. She has a pony tail too. The picture of her is shown below:

&&

&&

*004*2023-03-09 03:36

"Eeek! Eeek!", screeched a cave bat as it approached the target. The bat flapped it wings with the intent to signal danger and poison. The bat focused upon the target with expectation to cause harm to the target in its sights. The screeching only served to further fuel and stoke fear in the hearts of those who hear and see the approaching doom.

The cave bat monster was accompanied by the footsteps of three other monsters. These monsters didn't have flesh or organs, only powered by force of evil as the undead. They were skeleton soldiers. They held their daggers in hand ready to swipe at the target. The bat would attack to dive in for a bite while the skeleton soldiers surrounded the target for their attack, or vice versa.

They approached ever slowly to stoke the fear and suspense of the target. Of course, all four of them moved slowly and didn't have the means to increase their speed, like Dran's feather. Of course the target just stood their with her one arm kept behind her back and the other arm kept by her side. She stood their in anticipation for when the time was nigh to finish them off. She wasn't afraid of any one of them.

And why should she be? She was a being of powerful magic and these clowns were no match for her. So why not indulge them wanting to get closer. It would make it easy to annihilate them. She raised her right hand and began charging a pink-colored energy sphere emanating from her right arm. It was emanating the element of holy to wipe out the undead and take out the noisy nuisance.

She smirked and stood there assuming her stance ready to strike as they got closer. "Just a couple of inches and that's that!" She said softly in a whispered tone. After 20 seconds, they were in range and just as the cave bat was ready for its dive at her, the skeleton soldiers having their swords ready to strike, she unleashed her attack upon the weak pathetic monsters.

In one swift stroke, she took them all out and sent them to oblivion. She gathered what goodies were left behind and continued to the next room of the same dungeon level. That being floor 3. There was still the matter of finding the key to open the exit door from this floor. That meant killing more dangerous monsters.

*006*2023-03-10 22:39

{{1 hour ago, daisyduke said:

I like the setting, excited for more

}}

Glad you like the story.

*007*2023-03-11 14:17

Okay, right now Ruby is doing some training but the source of her desperation isn't there yet. This whole part is to establish Ruby as I am protraying her. It is also based on the original character design. The storyline continued .......:

Main plot: Ruby walked towards the southbound corridor to other rooms and corridors that might harbor monsters. She checked the east and west corridors already but nothing permeated those areas. In fact, it was just the walls of the room. Ruby held her arms high above her head while clasping her hands, stretching them casually as she thought about the challenge ahead of her.

"Geez! You'd have thought these monsters would put up a fight. But no. They're all so stupid. Not even one dragon or a rockanoff. Nothing but bats, skeleton soldiers, dashers, statues, or a ghost. Nothing seemed to be a challenge." She took them out with ease it wasn't as though it required a lot of effort. Just one charged shot of several smaller ones, and the correct assigned element.

It did help Ruby had Toan's notes from his time in Divine Beast Cave. But she was a natural fighter and a magic user. Ruby was distracted by the heat and feeling so sweaty. This past two days and now were hot due to the summer weather. Ruby took out a water bottle and drank some of her water and continued down the corridor, passing the exit door.

She made her way to the final room and saw the last three targets to attack. Ruby began to feel her bladder fill and went to swiftly finish things off before she left for the village just outside. Ruby saw one bat, one ghost, and one statue. "Perfect!" Ruby thought. She ran up to the bat and swiftly knocked it out with lightning element. Shocker! With a charged attack, she immediately took out the dasher and statue. Easy peezy lemon squeeze!

She took the gate key and went to the exit doors. She past through them and began making her way out from the cave ...... outside the sun was still up and the weather not as hot but still warm enough to cause some sweating. Ruby could feel it. She stunk. It was time for a bath. But first, she had escape the cave. Outside was Norune Village, the home of the first and main protagonist of this quest (of the game, that being Toan).

Ruby walked past the several homes, seeing the beautiful sky and Dran's windmill spinning. After walking over over a bridge, she was approached by Toan and Renee.

"How's training going Ruby? Fight off any tough monsters during the first 7 floors?" Toan asked. Ruby shook her head in the negative. "They were push overs. None of them gave me a good challenge. You said there were some tough monsters down there. But right now, they're all so weak. You sure they get tougher?" Ruby replied. Toan smirked and retorted. "Just you wait. Things will be tougher though."

Renee (Toan's mother) chimed in. "That's enough monster talk for one day. For now, I have lunch and a shower if you'd like." Ruby was pleased by this offer and took it. "Of course. Even a genie had to eat and care for her skin. Oh and uh ... do you have some place I can .. uh ................ go for relief?" Ruby asked. Renee didn't understand the question at first. "Relief?". "You know the place for ..... doing private business to get rid of one's liquids from their insides".

Renee still didn't seem to understand, that is until she remembered the first time Xiao asked for the toilet in a similarly awkward manner (for her it was because she wasn't used to human speech and didn't know how to express herself correctly). "Oh I see. Yes I have a place for that. Please follow me." They went back to her house and of course Ruby did her thing. She joined the team and Renee for lunch followed by bathing alone.

Sadly, she had to wear regular people's clothing since her other clothes were in the wash, followed by being hung on a wire to dry. In the meantime, Ruby did some inventory and chose to stock up on water, repair powder, and a few other things. Since the team was given a small share of the team's total money acquired from fighting monsters, Ruby could only buy so much. (In the game no one had been given this allocation of money. It is fictional.).

Ruby didn't want to fight in these clothes and she didn't want them getting ruined in battle. She felt it would make Renee upset. She spent the rest of the day indoors trying not to get sweaty again. Toan practiced his sword fighting while Goro lounged around at the mayor's house.

Xiao practiced her slingshot work followed by helping Renee. Toan helped top but also checked on the villagers. He also talked with the Fairy King about the state of things and the growing power of the dark Genie. He said things weren't looking good and they must obtain the moon orb from Shipwrecked. Training for Ruby must pick up or else. Besides, he felt the Dark Genie might be up to something.

The villagers along with Matataki villagers were setting up the festival from before they got destroyed. They wanted to celebrate the summer solstice plus being alive. Tonight was going to be a night a of partying, that is dancing, food, drinks (non alcoholic), and socializing. They felt Toan and his friends have kept them safe and perhaps the Dark Genie was now scared of their heroes to come back again. So why not celebrate?

Speaking of the Dark Genie .....

*008*2023-03-11 19:18

We temporarily shift over to a most dark and creepy looking place. It was once a kingdom of men and women, but now it is nothing more than a kingdom of darkness. The castle made of stone perched upon a pile of ground floating while surrounded by clouds of purple, orange, and black. Lightning can be seen and heard, booming each time it shows itself as tentacles warning all those who travel here.

It was the lair of one evil sorcerer of immense power. It was the Dark Genie, meditating on the dark side, seeing through the veil of time and space to see what was, what is, and what could be. "So the Fairy King has acquired another member of his resistance force against me. Hehehehehe! Foolish Fairy King thinks he restore balance to this pitiful world which I shall be the one true ruler over? Teh!". The Dark Genie continued his inner thought on the matter.

"Such fools can't destroy me. I am the undefeatable. The boy from Norune Village can't possibly hope to defeat me with his pitiful swords, nor can his feline friend or that hermit child. And now they think a genie of lesser power can stop me? Nay! She may possess power that makes her useful as a tool but can never destroy or surpass me.". Just then, a voice of authority and military command called out to the Dark Genie.

"Dark Genie! Dark Genie I have some questions for you!". The Dark Genie awoke from his meditation and not very happy. He wore an expression of disgust for his new master which he was growing very tiresome. He turned around with a false smile and greeted his master. "Colonel Flag, my master, what is it I may assist you with?" Dark Genie asked.

Colonel Flag (the man who requested a bunch of evil worshippers to perform the ritual to release the Dark Genie), looking ever displeased by something, asked with boldness and honest. "It seems a new threat arises everyday. Perhaps you aren't as powerful or you aren't serious about our goals for power. Has your time being sealed away made you soft?". The Dark Genie looked back with a face that couldn't perceive the question.

"My goals for global domination are and always will be an absolute. What is the issue?" Dark Genie asked the Colonel. Colonel Flag looked back with the eyes of a soul expecting an answer for the issue and instead received feigned innocence. "Did we not destroy all the village of the east? I do believe I saw your destructive power, and yet there have been two villages already rebuilt plus one more on the way. Care to explain?" Colonel Flag responded.

The Dark Genie realized the issue at hand and responded with this. "If you believe the world isn't worth conquering then leave me be. But if we are in this, then we will take over. None shall oppose .... our will for it is law. Whatever resistance against us it will fall. We attacked as our first strike but we knew some would survive. After all, there should be survivors to be left for whom to rule over. Having only dead subjects is useless."

Thr Colonel wasn't satisfied. "We can't have anyone resisting us period. We have must have complete obedience and loyalty to my will and mine alone. Is that clear?". The Dark Genie stared back with a glare that if could be seen to the fullest extent, would show the depths of the Dark Genie's Dark soul. For now, subterfuge had to suffice. "I understand my master. Don't worry. All your enemies will bow before you. My goal is to serve you. I just didnt want to have a completely dead world for you my Master."

Colonel Flag took it as it was and nodded in the approval. "Alright then. Carry on with your meditation. But remember your work is for our goals ... for domination to rule ... my rule. But you will always have a place as my second. If you succeed in serving my plans of course." Colonel Flag said. He paused, then faced the Dark Genie again.

"And I should thank you for not destroying everyone. Not yet. Its good in a way. It allows some to be swayed to our cause, even if out of desperation. They know their place. And our enemies may try to attack if only to lure them in with a false sense of assurance. Good work Dark Genie!".

The Colonel walked away assured his plans for domination weren't in vain. Alone was the Dark Genie and back to his thoughts. He seethed and raged within his very soul. "Foolish Colonel speaks down to me as if I was his to create. Nay! Not even the foolish Prince Seda could control me. For I am the terrifying power he conjured and called upon when he wanted to crush his foes and protect his precious Sophia."

The eyes of the Dark Genie, already a menacing narrowly slit, turned a glowing eerie red. Even the whites of his eyes turned black. "I will serve to crush your foes and conquer the world which you will make bendable to the current of the truely strong and powerful. Then, my hour of opportunity will come and the world will have their Colonel Flag as emperor .... or should I say I!".

The Dark Genie was surrounded by a cloud of darkness as same as outside the castle. For now he had something planned ........ what danger was our heroes in for now? And what did he have in mind? Only time will tell. Seda and the Fairy King watched with horror and curiosity. But things outside to the east weren't any different than the rest of the still free world.

*009*2023-03-12 00:58

Back in Norune Village, it was late afternoon and the celebration works were in order. It was about time for the sun to set and evening to arrive. Ruby had been drinking water every so often due to the heat. Her clothes were ready for wearing. She undresses from Renee's clothing and wore her own. Toan, Renee, and Xiao came upstairs to Toan's room to collect Ruby for the celebration.

Since the preparation was complete, they figured it was only natural they begin. The villagers gathered around Dran's windmill tower for the food and music. Ruby wasn't as interested but she figured it was time for dinner. Other villagers were Macho and Komacho, Paige, Gaffer, etc.,

Goro went to make sure there wasn't trouble with Master Utan and Treant. He wasn't interested in celebrations either but he would prefer to stay in Matataki Village for supper. He also went to check on the Moon People at Brownboo Village deep within the Wise Owl Forest. So he was away for now, but he asked to he warned if anything happens. Back at Norune Village, it was now dusk as the sun began setting.

Like before there was dancing and dining. There was singing and the playing of the flutes. Dran appeared keeping a look out to ensure there was nothing wrong. So far nothing was coming for the villagers to do harm. Toan and his mother got to spend some fun time for the first time since the attack. It was like when Toan was a small boy and his mother would be there with him.

Xiao played some games with. Carl, Alnet's younger brother. They had a blast with games like hide and go seek, tag, etc., Ruby was a little bored while eating her meal and enjoying the sparkling water from the mountains. "Wow this water is amazing. This is the stuff!" She thought. The night was festive and happy, forgetting about the troubles of the day and celebrating being alive.

After an hour, and the night only showing, the sight of two moons, hovering above, it was a beautiful sight. Some contemplated the universe and what may lay beyond. Some even wondered if other humans exist or if they are moon people. (Spoilers! They're moon people). Ruby ate well and drank even more. Still, she had food from King from Queens. Toan did bring it for Ruby and she dined on that too.

She was a grateful guest but she did prefer her own rich persons food too. And she loved the wine. It was one helping of wine but it was amazing. She returned the glass and came back using the magic map and transportation powder. There was desert and juice which she loved very much, and had a lot of. After that, she made her way to the entrance to Divine Beast Cave for more training. She wanted to fly past the first 7 levels, then begin floors 9 - 14.

Everyone else began to pack it up as the day ended. They didn't want to be too tired should anything happen. Ever since the attack on both villages, the inhabitants made a rule not to stay out too late. Toan, Xiao, and Renee began helping to pack it in for the celebration supplies and leftover food. Goro came back to help and also sleep for the night. He stuffed himself back home.

*010*2023-03-12 03:11

Back inside Divine Beast Cave, Ruby flew by the first 7 floors with ease. She took only about half an hour with the first 7 floors. As per usual, it was a slaughter fest for the monsters while Ruby felt totally unchallenged. None of the monsters put a strong enough fight. Afterwards, Ruby went to the exit doors from this floor and chose the 9 th floor to continue her training.

"Hopefully, these dragons, rockanoffs, yamich, opar, master jackets, mimics and King mimics are better opponents." Ruby thought as she continued for the next and more difficult floors. Meanwhile outside in Norune Village, people went to sleep. Same as in Matataki Village. The celebration was over and it was now time to get beauty sleep. All were too full or too tired from dancing.

All became quiet. Not a single cricket or fly could be heard. It was so peaceful ................... Even in Queens, nothing seemed to be wrong either. However, the front door to Divine Beast Cave emanated a purple glow and black smoke covered it. Dran, Treant, Master Utan, and Brownboo Village mayor sensed nothing. But something made some of the monsters in Wise Owl Forest stir. But what?

Back inside, Ruby was starting to feel full inside her bladder and a growing sense of needing to go. But she figured that she could hold it. She held her bladder in worse situations in genie school, so this was nothing. But the environment was kept hot usual and she kept drinking water which accumulated inside her. But she had escape powder so she could leave the cave anytime .... right!

Ruby had been drinking water since two hours before the celebration and during the celebration. Don't forget the wine. You would have thought she would have been bursting by now. But no not yet. Right now she only felt mildly needing to go. She didn't feel a sense of urgency but it could work against her if she continues drinking water while prolonging her situation. She did go again after her bath as she did have water with her lunch. But now she was feeling a need to go due to the heat from the daytime and inside this cave.

Ruby walked down each step, feeling confident as ever and focused on her training. She figured she could take on the threats with ease. Nothing was going to stop her now. She was becoming the most powerful ranged fighter on Toan's team. Each step she took to face the enemy also made her bladder contents swish a little more.

But she didn't care about the bladder problem. She was too excited about the prospect of facing more worthy foes. She figured it would make her training pay off. Suddenly, it occurred to her the best way to find strong monsters is to take the back floor challenge. (Back floors are areas of a dungeon whereby the monsters are stronger than on normal floors.) She chose to go to the trolley for that. That meant searching for the monster with tram oil for the trolley.

Ruby could feel her bladder filling up but she wasn't perturbed. It was on her mind however and she did consider leaving for a toilet. She wasn't the type of person to go wherever on public. It wasn't befitting of a genie to go in public. And it wasn't ladylike for a female as she saw it.

*011*2023-03-12 16:18

Outside, the village was quiet. Not a sound could be heard, save for the wind at night. It wasn't new or out of the ordinary to have wind here in Norune and Matataki villages. The doors to Divine Beast Cave were still kept shut! Dran was already sleeping and didn't notice anything. Suddenly, from outside the gates to Norune Village, a Baron reared itself into view, gazing upon the village seeing quiet.

The Baron saw nothing but a quiet village. (I don't mean a person of title. I mean a monster creature from the moon.). But why was it here rather than outside in space? How did it get here? Strange. It's eyes glowed red and it was surrounded by a purple cloud of darkness. It creeped past the wall and went to inform to others. Strange! What does this mean? And what did the Baron want? What does it hope to find here?

Back inside the cave, Ruby was taking her last few steps towards the door for the floor 9 when she stopped. She felt strange all of a sudden. She felt weakness and lethargy. Ruby out her hand on her forehead, as she held herself against the wall with her other hand. She breathed heavily and started to see the world spin. She didn't understand what was happening and why?

After 20 seconds, she could feel a warmth within her heart. It was one of alarm and fear, a warning sensation inside her. Then, in her head she heard a voice of dread speak to her. "A trial for you I have. A challenge you want so you shall receive!". Her body started to glow red, then a purple dark cloud swirling about her enveloped her. Ruby was overcome with a sense of fear and worry. She couldn't make it stop as it engulfed her.

Ruby called out to make this cloud disappear. She tried other spells and incantations but nothing worked. It was as if a curse was placed upon her or a shadow latched on and she couldn't just let it go. Then, the cloud vanished. Ruby stood quietly and wide-eyed, not even breathing. She exhaled and inhaled again, closing her eyes and keeping her hand upon her chest. "What was that?" Ruby said.

The doors to the next floor also began glowing red and a purple cloud enveloped it. Ruby didn't immediately see this until she opened her eyes and walked away slowly. "I'm not going that way. I'd better leave this cave." Ruby went back to the previous floor only to see the doors weren't doors anymore. They were one wall one with the cave itself and no way out. She couldn't believe what she saw. "Didn't I just come from back there?" I know there was an exit." Ruby thought.

She felt with her hand all throughout the wall for a door. But she could feel nothing nor see nothing. It was as if the doors were solidified into one solid object and made apart of the cave itself. Ruby was puzzled, awestruck by the turn of events. She wondered what or who could do this. She thought it might be the Fairy King but that wouldn't explain the dreadful feeling she had. Perhaps it was a sorcerer, but that person or persons couldn't influence the earth like this.

Ruby didn't like this one but and decided to leave the cave using escape powder. Ruby searched for it looking through all the repair powders, water, chicken, stamina, and Dran's feather. But she didn't find what she was looking for. Several times she sifted through it all but she found nothing. "What the .... I was sure she there was at least 3 escape powders. I know there was. I just checked before." Ruby couldn't understand what could have happened. Things don't just disappear from her possession.

She knew she wasn't robbed by a monster. They were all eliminated by her. How was this possible? "Wait! Was that the purpose of that strange glow and dark clouds? Did I also lose some of my stuff? But who could ..... no .... no way." Ruby thought. A dark and insidious conclusion permeated her mind which gave her a shiver. But what could she do? There was no way she could go back and the only way out was the way forward. And there was no way to tell what was going to happen next. But she had to move forward.

Ruby paused before moving forward. But she did feel her need to go more significantly. She wasn't desperate yet, but she had to find her way out before she felt desperation. Ruby moved forward towards the doors. The doors slid open and forward she walked. She saw a long corridor stretching forever on both directions. There weren't as many torches throughout and mostly darkness. Ruby had to decide which direction to start with.

She chose to turn right and continue walking into the abyss of darkness. After a few torches down the corridor was darkness. Pitch black darkness. Ruby had her right arm ready for an attack as her gold ring glowed a pink color for holy element. She thought to herself about why the mastermind behind this doing this. Perhaps its to destroy her, to test her, or something else nefarious. But what was the end game here? She thought and thought but nothing came to mind.

Suddenly, she started to feel more hot and uncomfortable. The temperature was becoming more and more heated. It was as if something was pumping heat into the cave. Even in the darkness, it was so hot and her need to go kept rising. She hunched forward a little as she instinctively kept her hand on her abdomen. She officially had to go. Though not desperate but she had to go. She could feel her bladder being full and in need of relief. All that water and wine was not coming down to her abdomen.

But the temperature kept rising and could tell there was a magic placed upon the dungeon. She was going to become more and more thirsty, more easily too. And that meant being more inclined to drink water. After all, she drank so much earlier. It was now piling up in her system. Ruby thought about how long she was down here and if her friends were well. She didn't know if it was morning and her friends would start searching for her. Would they know where to look?

...

Outside it was still night time and all were asleep. Not a single noise save for the wind. What wind was this? Animals nearby had already left and in fear. Something was coming. Inside Renee's house, Toan, Renee, and Xiao were sleeping as usual. But Xiao tossed and turned, something perturbing her. In her mind, she saw herself under attack by canine monsters with humanoid hands and yelling at her to come hitherto to be eaten. They looked like humans too. Xiao was screaming "Nonononono" repeatedly.

Eventually, she screamed in her sleep. Toan and Renee were awoken by this, and made their way to Xiao. They saw her tossing and turning, crying out loud while still in her dream state. "Nonononononono no ... no ...n-n-noooo .....". Toan walked up to her and spoke softly while gently rubbing her. "Xiao Xiao it's going to be okay." Xiao awoke suddenly and with fear, breathing heavily, sweating like crazy. "It's me, Toan. Don't worry. Everything is fine now. It was just a dream." Xiao looked at Toan and around her only to find she was still inside her home. She calmed down, tearing up as she leaned her head upon Toan's chest.

Renee and Toan held her and conforted her. She was scared and needed love right now. After a few minutes, Toan offered her some milk. Xiao agreed and came with him. Downstairs they went only to see the front door opened. Toan thought perhaps they forgot to leave the door closed and went to close it. Suddenly, outbof nowhere, a cave bat screeched while hanging from the ceiling. Toan looked up and his eyes widened.

He saw 1 dozen bats (cave bats and evil bats), glaring at Toan with their glowing red eyes of death and bloodlust. They all immediately leaped and began attacking Toan like crazy. "Ah get off me get off me!" He cried Xiao went to help only to get swarmed by them too. Renee grabbed a broomstick and started swatting at them. "Get away from my son and daughter!". The Fairy King showed up and used his magic to destroy the bats. He healed everyone and lifted Toan onto his feet.

"No time for thanks. The village is under attack! Hurry outside. Ma'am stay indoors." Toan and Xiao got their weapons and went outside only to find the place surrounded by various monsters. A Captain and his Chariot (both monsters) stood nearby the mayor's house and yelled "Fire!". The Chariot fired away an attack that hit the windmill tower, causing a loud boom and some debris to fall to the ground. Everyone awoke and turned on their lights. The Captain shouted "Attaack!". All hell broke loose.

Toan, Xiao, Goro, Macho and Komacho began fighting with the monsters. It was pandemonium. Various homes and the grounds were under attack. There were monsters guarding the entrance/exit to Norune Village, and the entrance to Divine Beast Cave. Norune Village was under attack. Old Gaffer was jumped by a Dasher monster, rockanoffs attempted to break into Pike's house and Carl hid for dear life with Alnet.
