A trip to OmoCon - The First Wetting Conference

Author: undercoverpeer

*000*2025-03-20 20:42

Hey folks!

First time writing for the site, though I’ve thought about it often. It’s a lengthy and pretty hilariously over the top fantasy of mine, based around a few friends attending a Wetting Conference, where a LOT of wet adventures happen. I’ve got a few chapters done but will start with this for now. Enjoy!

Edit: I copy and pasted from my phone and the font is huge. Sorry!

The morning began like any other - with Joly's phone alarm going off and then immediately being knocked off her nightstand as she fumbled around trying to find it in the dark. Unlike other mornings, though, Joly sat straight up, energized, and ready to hop out of bed.

She felt her heart beating a little faster than usual, along with some nervous butterflies in her stomach. The day was finally here: she was going to OmoCon.

"Hmm, how to start the day?" she wondered aloud. She regularly talked out loud to herself. It was one of the many benefits she had been enjoying since moving out on her own.

She usually began her day by releasing her first pee of the day into her pajamas and making a nice wet mess on her bed. That was the other benefit of being on her own - the freedom to indulge her wetting fetish without anyone else around to worry about.

She would sit up slightly, relax, and watch the pee flow out of her clothes, puddling beneath her thighs and bum. Her hand would would inevitably be placed under the warm stream at some point, sometimes gently rubbing her panties, other times cupping some of the pee and pouring it over the front of her panties, or even her shirt. The wetter the better.

After a good soaking, she would wear her dripping wet clothes into the bathroom and hop in the shower, clothes and all. The bed would get cleaned afterwards and she'd be off to work, with nobody the wiser about her little secret.

Today, though, she wasn't sure she'd have the time. Her black satin panties were dying for a good wetting, and her white tank top was itching to get damp, but she wouldn't have time to strip her bed and wash it before she left for a few days.

"I guess just a shower it is" she said to nobody, and hopped out of bed and into her bathroom.

Obviously, almost every shower involved pee somehow - either washing it off, or letting it go and THEN washing it off. She walked into the shower in her panties and shirt and stood with her legs separated slightly. Almost instantly the pee began to pour out, creating an instant wet patch that began to grow quickly. She let the pee stream directly down and onto her feet before she placed her hand under it and splashed it up onto the front of her panties. A small moan escaped her - this never got old.

She cupped another handful of pee and really soaked the entire front of her panties, from her waistband and down over her mound where it dripped right back into the stream. Her morning pee was always a good amount - she had gotten skilled at not needing to pee in the night - and the slightly yellow liquid kept flowing out and hitting the shower floor with a splash.

Moving her legs closer together, she let the warm liquid flow down her thighs and calves, puddling around her feet and then eventually down the drain. The shower itself wasn't on yet; she wanted to feel only the pee. The stream began to slow down, and as the last few drops fell she gave the front of her panties a couple of gentle slaps, making that squelching sound that she loved so much - the sound of her clothes being sopping wet.

She had been doing this since she was a child. She wasn't sure how or why it had started, but she remembers accidentally wetting her panties while she was outside playing one day, and she thought it was...fun. It felt good. And it felt naughty.

As she grew older, she continued doing it whenever she felt like she could hide it from her parents. She'd often sit on the toilet while still wearing her panties and have a pee. There would be a small wet spot, but nothing hugely noticeable, and she would pull her jeans back up and carry on with her day.

This habit started at home, but she got more brazen - and turned on - in high school. On more than one occasion she found herself pissing through her panties in the bathroom stall, with her friends in the neighbouring stalls remaining clueless. She'd dab her newly wet panties with her fingers, but pretend to use some toilet paper so the others in the bathroom wouldn't think anything of it.

Things really amped up a few years ago when her family installed a pool. Nothing huge - a typical above ground pool with a wooden deck built around it - but she peed in her bikini bottoms more times than she could count that first summer. She would pee on the lawn before she got in the pool, she'd pee on the deck if nobody else was around, she'd pee in the pool while she was swimming, anything she could think of. After getting out of the water and drying off, she'd hop in the shower to rinse off, but only after wetting her bikini again. Nobody questioned a wet bikini.

And now here she was, ready to go out into a public place with other people who shared the same fetish, for the very first time. She was nervous. She was excited. And she was standing in a puddle of her own pee, wearing a pair of now dripping wet panties that was clinging to her body. She turned on the hot water and began to shower.

###

She finished packing shortly before her Uber arrived. It was only a two night trip, but the Conference material told her to pack 'appropriately' for the event - AKA, lots of panties, and a variety of jeans, leggings, skirts, etc. Even packing them, knowing they were only going in the suitcase just to be peed in, was enough to get her heartbeat up again. She threw an extra outfit in her carry on and was headed out the door with a coffee in hand.

The drive was uneventful, and before long she was boarding her plane. It was a two hour flight, and she deliberately skipped using the bathroom at the airport. The Conference materials told all guests to make sure they arrived with full bladders for the kick off event, and she wasn't going to miss out on that...even if she had no idea what it meant.

She had a bottle of water and another coffee on the flight and was feeling a decently strong urge to pee by the time they landed. Fortunately, the Cascades Conference Center was only an hour away, and the event was prepared to start shortly after she arrived.

There was a short shuttle bus outside her gate with a driver standing behind it. He was holding up a sign that simply said, "Conference at the Cascades." She wondered if he knew what kind of conference this really was.

"I think this is me," she said with a smile.

He gave her a wink, like he knew what she was wondering.

"

Aahh, another one for this event. Sounds like it's going to be quite interesting." He grinned and asked for her luggage.

She instantly felt panicked. HER LUGGAGE.

Joly hadn't seen her bag at the counter when she got off the plane but simply hoped it would be waiting with the other bags piled up at her gate. But it wasn't there.

She ran back in the airport to find someone who would be able to help her.

"Excuse me?" she asked a lady sitting at a nondescript counter. "How can I find out where my bag might be?"

The lady looked up slowly. "Ma'am, if it's not right here, then good luck to you."

"That's it? You can't help?"

"We stopped tracking down luggage years ago. Nowadays it gets flagged when it enters the wrong plane and gets returned to your home address. You won't see it again this trip. Apologies."

She put her head down and kept typing.

Oh no. No luggage. What would she do?! She had an extra pair pants and a shirt in her bag but that was it. Maybe there was a mall nearby where she could stock up? She imagined that conversation with the retail worker.

"Hi, yes, I'm looking for some panties. I actually don't have much of a brand preference, I'm just planning to pee in all of them, for fun."

Right.

She slowly walked back to the shuttle bus, and the driver knew what had happened without asking. He leaned over and whispered in her ear. "Between you and me, you'll be just fine. There's lots of, uh, solutions for this problem at the conference. Believe me."

He stood back up and welcomed her on the bus.

She stopped worrying aboout her luggage when it dawned on her that she was about to meet real people who also enjoyed wetting. She knew she wasn't alone - she spent quite a bit of time on wetting sites to know that - but she had always been way too nervous to tell any of her friends or boyfriends. Too risky. But this? This was about to be very real indeed.

Half a dozen smiling faces glanced up at Joly as she walked up the bus steps.

A young lady - a brunette, maybe 30 years old - welcomed her first. She wore black tights, a brown crewneck, a ball cap, and wore a pair of clear glasses.

"Hi! You must be Joly - you're the last one to arrive for this shuttle. I'm Meg. We're happy to have you! Right everyone?"

Everyone on the bus cheered and clapped for her. She could feel her cheeks flush at the attention, and gave a little wave.

“We’re about an hour away. Here’s your lanyard - it’s got your schedule and all other information it. Scan the QR code with your phone and it’ll unlock all the details you’ll need. And, here’s your welcome bag. It’s got some goodies in there for all registrants. Once we arrive we head straight to the main session, so consider yourself officially checked in.”

Joly looked at the name tag and grinned again. This was real. OmoCon was actually happening.

"Find a seat anywhere," the bus driver said. "But you might wanna check for any wet spots first." He laughed at his own joke, and Meg chuckled.

"That's Brick - he's in on our little secret. He isn't technically part of the conference, but going by what he's been saying, I think he's pretty interested -- right Brick? You wanna see me pee in my pants, don't you?" She pointed at her grey jeans as he looked her legs and gave her a wink.

"No idea what you're talking, ma'am." He turned around and started to merge onto the road.

Joly giggled and wondered where to sit. She found an empty seat beside a cute girl whose shoulder length blond hair was dyed a slight green color. She had a tiny hoop nose ring and was wearing a short black skirt with a pink t-shirt. Her skirt was short enough that because was she was sitting down, Joly was able to see a glimpse of her pink panties.

"Do you like them? I tried to get them to match my shirt,” the girl said.

"Oh, no, I'm sorry, I didn't mean --" Joly stammered.

"No no - don't feel bad, I'm serious; I was legitimately trying to match my panties to my top and wanted your opinion. I have a feeling lots of people will be seeing panties this weekend, I've got nothing to hide on the bus!" With that, she leaned over and offered her hand to Joly.

"I'm Laura. Most people call me Lor or Lo. Very happy to meet you."

Joly breathed a sigh of relief. “Phew, I didn’t want to get off on the wrong foot! I’m Joly, and you’re probably right - this isn’t exactly a conference for being embarrassed of showing off your undies, eh? I’m also kind of nervous. You’re the first person I’ve ever met who is also into, uh, well..”

“Pissing myself for a good time?”

Joly laughed out loud. “Ok, yes, that. The pee stuff.”

Lor smiled. “I know. To be honest, you’re the first official person I’ve met who shares the same affinity as me. This is wild. I told my parents I was going on a work trip. They have no clue. But I HAD to be here.”

With that, a guy in front of them turned around. He had messy brown hair and looked like some kind of college athlete.

“Well, allow me to be the very SECOND person you meet who’s into, you know, the pee stuff.”

He gave a charming smile and extended his hand.

“I’m Owen. Also brand new to this thing. Well, not new. I’ve been doing this for years. Just new to meeting other people. Also, nice pink panties, they’re a great match for your top.”

He glanced down at Lor's midsection with a friendly smirk.

“How dare you!” She pretended to be angry but it didn’t work. She broke out in laughter. “Looking at panties is gross. You’re in the wrong spot, mister.”

Owen shielded his eyes with his hands. “I’m sorry, it won’t happen again! Until I move my fingers. And then I’m definitely looking because I have a huge panty fetish and I literally can’t stop myself.”

“Well in THAT case…” Lor slowly hiked up her black skirt to her waist, revealing the entirety of her pink panties, along with a cute thigh tattoo of a bumblebee. Joly was amazed at how confident this girl was.

Owen moved his fingers from his eyes and stared at the scene in front of him. Lor was a very attractive girl. And those panties fit perfectly. A slight outline of a camel toe became visible as tightened them on her body.

“Uh. Holy shit. That’s hot. I literally don’t know what else to say. We haven’t even arrived and I’m already having the best day of my life.”

Lor smiled. “You haven’t seen anything yet. Wait until I release my dam and let my bladder loose into these things. There won’t be a dry spot on them.”

Joly couldn’t believe how quickly things were unfolding. She didn’t know what to say but even she was a little turned on by the thought of Lor soaking her panties. Joly was straight…but she also loved seeing women wetting themselves. Maybe that made her ‘less’ straight? She always preferred female videos over the guys...

Meg walked back to the three of them with a big smile. “Didn’t take you guys long to acquainted! I love this energy. Show yourselves off all you want, but try and hold your pee for the conference. It’ll be worth it.”

Owen was still staring at the panties. His dick had hardened over the last minute or so and he made no attempt at hiding the bulge under his grey sweats.

“You are really enjoying the sights, aren’t you?” asked Meg. “If one pair is all it takes for your ‘friend’ to stand at attention, you are in trouble at this event!”

He shook his head as if to come back to reality. “I’ll be fine, I’m a professional. Nothing I haven’t seen before.”

Meg gave him a doubtful look. “I actually rather think this is the first time you’ve laid eyes on a girl in her panties. Am I right?”

Lor pretended to be shocked. “Am I your first panty girl? What an honour! You’ll actually never see a better sight than this one. It’s all downhill from here.” And with that, she rubbed her index finger up her camel toe slowly. She shut her eyes briefly and made a breathy sound.

A small wet patch appeared in the crotch of her panties. The solid pink color turned dark and grew to the size of a quarter.

“Holy shit. Again.” Owen said, mesmerized.

Megan scolded her playfully. “Hey, I told you to keep it in! We need you fully loaded up! Listen, I’m staff anyway, so I won’t actually get to the opening session. Plus, I really have to go. Allow me.”

She stood still for a second and then a glistening wet patch began to leak through her black tights. It grew quickly across her midsection and began to pour down her legs. She took her hand and rubbed it up her thigh as the pee poured down. It had now reached her sneakers - white Nike Dunks - and began to soak her white ankle socks.

“Holy shit. For a third time.” Owen unconsciously grabbed his dick as he watched his first ever live wetting happen 3 inches from his face.

“Damn girl, I’m getting all turned on over here.” Lor was also rubbing herself as she watched Meg’s pants get wetter. She had only ever watched pee flow from HER panties, not anyone else’s. And she was riveted. Her little wet patch grew a small amount.

Meg stopped the flow midstream. “Oh, are we liking this? I think you’re all in the right place, then! I just wanted to be sure.” She playfully rubbed her wet thighs, soaking the palms of her hands. “Except, Joly - you’re a little quiet. You ok over there?”

Joly had become completely speechless at what was happening. It took less than 10 minutes for her to meet fellow pee fans AND have them showing off their panties and soaking their pants. She didn’t know what to say, or how to respond. But she was in heaven, and it felt amazing.

“Oh, I’m enjoying it,” she said shyly. “It’s all happened so fast. And I’m just stunned. But…I do have one question.” Joly felt herself becoming braver by the second. “We don’t know what color YOUR panties are. You should show us. You know, for research.”

“Ha! I knew you were loving this. And, because you asked for the sake of research, I really have no choice but to show you my, well, very wet panties.”

She grabbed her tights and began pulling them down over her legs, revealing a forest green pair of cotton panties. She kept pulling them down until her pants were around her knees. The bottom half of her panties were now dark green and still dripping pee into her pants.

“Holy shit,” Owen said. It’s all he could say. At this point, he was slowly stroking himself over his pants. He couldn’t help it. Real panties, dripping with real pee, from a real girl. This wasn't just the internet anymore.

Meg was FIT and her olive skin was gorgeous. Lor leaned her head closer to the wet green panties. “I don’t think you’re done, Meg. I still see a slight bulge in your bladder. Are you holding out on us?”

And with that, she took her index finger and slowly rubbed it down the front of Meg’s wet panties.

“Clever girl,” Meg replied. “I always keep a backup supply just in case the sitation requires it. And I think this one requires it.”

She held her body still for a second and suddenly a torrent of pee began pouring out of her panties. The pee was so forceful it began hissing. It wasn’t just flowing down her legs, it was shooting out of her panties, right towards Lor.

The whole bus had turned around to watch at this point, just in time to see Lor put her hand directly into Meg’s stream.

“So fucking warm…” she said, half under breath. And she kept turning her hand around in the stream, pee now washing down her fingers and towards her elbow.

Meg just smiled, like this was her plan all along. “My pee is starting to run out, Owen. Don’t you want to join in?”

Owen didn’t hesitate. He placed his hand directly over her crotch and began rubbing the front of her panties as pee continued to stream out. “It IS really warm,” he said to Lor, his eyes wide with amazement.

Lor brought up a wet finger to her lips and then slowly stuck it into her mouth. She gently licked the pee from her finger, and immediately brought another towards her lips and began to lick it clean. She then brought her arm up, still wet and dripping, and licked her forearm.

“This is tastes incredible,” she said. “I’ve only ever had my own.”

Owen had reached his breaking point. He brought his pee-soaked hand to his crotch and began jacking himself off. He stared at the soaking wet pair of panties in front of him as he kept going.

Meg touched his shoulder. “Hey, c’mere.”

She grabbed his head and brought it to within an inch of her panties. He could smell the piss on them. “Have a lick, go on.” And she pushed his head into her.

He moaned as she moved his head all around her still leaking panties. She felt his tongue stick out and try to lick anything that was in front of him. He placed his hands on her ass cheeks, reaching down to feel the pee that had dripped down the back of her thighs.

“I’m gonna cum, I’m gonna cum!” he said in a panic. He pulled back from Meg’s panties and went to grab himself to try and stop from erupting. “Wait, go on me! Right here!” She pointed to the front of her panties. “I’m serious!”

She pulled him up to his feet just as he grabbed his penis out from his pants. He pointed it at her crotch and immediately shot multiple loads all over her. It was by the far the most he had ever produced, a huge amount splattered over the front of this beautiful girl’s pissy wet panties. Never in his wildest dreams…

He finally finished and stood there quietly, his dick pulsating in the aftermath. Meg looked at the mess on her panties and pulled her wet leggings right up over the cum-covered panties and laughed. “Well there! Welcome to OmoCon. I think you guys will fit in very nicely.”

She rubbed the midsection of her pants, enjoying the messy wet sensation it gave her. “It’s one of my favorite combinations, and it’s been far too long. Pleasure to meet you all."

And with that, she casually walked back up to the front of bus. The others in the vehicle began to whistle and clap at what they just witnessed, and Owen still stood there with his dick hanging out.

Lor leaned over and poked it. “Might want to put that away, homeboy. I have a feeling you’ll want to use it again later tonight.” She took her finger and scooped up the last little bit of cum that was dripping off the edge of his penis and rubbed it into her panties.

“Just cleaning you up, pal.” She brought her skirt back down over her legs and covered herself up. Owen finally sat down and looked back at the girls.

“This is going to be the most insane weekend of our lives, isn’t it?”

Lor smiled and nodded, and Joly - still in awe of what she just witnessed - simply gave an emphatic “MHMMM” as she watched a small stream of Meg’s pee flow down the aisle.

End of Chapter 1

