Fiction for writing modeling

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-01-15 03:37

I am considering writing a fiction for a female model with little time or just woke up for a modeling gig (last minute or last minute to fill in for a model hurt or sick), is bursting and eventually pees herself for a photoshoot, drawing, or trying on clothes. May be all three. What is your advice to write this? Some examples are these videos.

1. https://xhamster.com/videos/japanese-wetting-12760123?utm_campaign=m_embed&utm_content=12760123&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=amp-xhamster-com.cdn.ampproject.org%2Fv%2Fs%2Famp.xhamster.com%2Fvideos%2Fjapanese-wetting-12760123%3Famp_js_v%3D0.1%26usqp%3Dmq331AQCKAE%3D

2. https://xhamster.com/videos/unfinished-drawing-megan-12662741?utm_campaign=m_embed&utm_content=12662741&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=amp-xhamster-com.cdn.ampproject.org%2Fv%2Fs%2Famp.xhamster.com%2Fvideos%2Funfinished-drawing-megan-12662741%3Famp_js_v%3D0.1%26usqp%3Dmq331AQCKAE%3D

3. https://xhamster.com/videos/almost-out-of-time-jasmine-st-james-13187655

4. https://thisvid.com/videos/desperate-to-pee-while-taking-nude-photoshoot/

*002*2023-01-15 21:58

Is it possible to have the photoshoot on a day the famous model or actress has to pose for a painting or try on clothes too? Also, have you checked my post about adult life and video games on the old topic section?

*004*2023-01-16 12:49

I was thinking about what you said about not having time to pee and modifying this with a few scenarios:

1. The model wakes up late with a hangover, gets a call to come in asap and her job is on the line, she arrives bursting and immediately ushered into the powder room to get makeup, has to go out to pose, and try clothes, and eventually can't hold it

2. Or the model is coming home from a party or wedding, is somewhat drunk, but gets a call to come in (as stated before), and the same fate

This could all be done as part of a company emergency that one or two models are out sick or on vacation or quit, and the protagonist in question has to come in. And the company reputation is on the line. The model could also have to attend an award ceremony or contest winner at pageant or something (may be avn signing) and do a photoshoot too. Not sure.

*006*2023-01-16 23:33

That must have been so embarrassing for her.

