Final Desperation

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-03-05 05:25

Summary: A female student arrived late for her exam and must complete it be for leaving the testing room. Unfortunately, she also has to urinate and has to hold it until she completes her exam. She does make it without incident.

Content: desperation holding, fidgeting, just made it to the toilet.

Main Characters:

- Evolin Hightower

- Professor Kristeena Karson

Plot: Today was Evolin's final exam in chemistry. Chemistry wasn't her best subject and passing this test with high marks was key to passing this course with at least a B-. It didn't help working at the campus bookstore from 7 am to 6 pm (on most days) and living an hour away. Plus, she was taking her core courses which were only becoming more difficult.

Worse off, she was helping her mom. Her mom (single working mom due to divorce) was laid off and looking for work.

She went for tutors, read books, and used online reading materials, but still found herself struggling. What Evolin needed was time to study and learn. Even weekends were spent working and running errands for her only parent; her mom.

Last night, she was studying her brains out for chemistry. Staying up as late as 11:30 pm wasn't such a great idea since she had to be in bed by 10 pm to wake up at 6 am. Her class started at 7 am and lasts until 9:30 pm.

Drinking coffee and sodas just to stay awake and fight the exhaustion only caused her to crash. Her mom woke her up at 6:35 am and helped Evolin get ready. No breakfast, no use of the bathroom! Just wash up, gargle, grabbed her keys, purse, school bag, have a piece of toast and small glass of water, phone, and that's it.

Evolin arrived to her class around 7:50 am. Her professor was a stickler about being punctual and hated students arriving late, especially on days scheduled for a quiz or an exam. This was Evolin's second time this happened. Professor Kristeena Karson was NOT happy with her repeat offense and verbally showed her annoyance.

"This is your second time. You promised this wouldn't happen again! This is a disruption to everyone. Already 52 minutes gone and you want to take this exam?" asked Professor Karson.

"Y-yes I-I can finish in time." Evolin said did shakily while looking a little flushed.

"You don't seem confident that you can."

"I can finish Professor Karson." Evolin replied, and with more confidence.

With that Professor Karson handed Evolin a test packet and told her to find a seat. Evolin took her test packet and walked gingerly to a nearby seat.

For the next 1 hour and 35 minutes. During the first 10 minutes, she blew by the first 20 multiple choice questions. They asked about basic concepts and information. She did this while shaking her leg up and down rapidly.

One question asked about the definition of a hydrocarbon as follows:

19. Substances with a molecular structure containing only hydrogen and carbon atoms are ____.

A. Salts

B. Halogens

C. Semi-metals

D. Actinides

E. Hydrocarbons

Evolin sloppily circled choice (E) on her test paper. From there, Evolin had to answer 15 more multiple choice questions. These questions asked specific questions, such as identifying the ioselectric point of a protein, or the basic C1V1=C2V2 math problem.

Before she could begin writing on her scratch paper, she winced. For whole minute, she became stiff and shook a little trying to remain dry. She already annoyed her professor and didn't want to upset her more with an accident.

Afterwards, she still remained worried about her predicament but ever more determined to finish her exam. She performed the mathematical manipulation of the algebra and calculated the answer to circle.

"Phew! That was close." she softly muttered to herself. She sat in the back row and wasn't noticed by Professor Karson.

Another 10 minutes went by before answering all the multiple choice questions. Her incessant studying and tutoring, researching the internet, and making mistakes paid off. Her predicament still lingered, pulsating down below.

It was 8:18 am and still not done with her exam. Now she had to answer eight short answer questions. These questions required a few lines of writing and/or mathematical work shown. Evolin would need to use all her focus to finish without losing control over the dam.

The first question had to do with balancing a chemical equation. The equation provided wasn't so bad and required some time to show how she obtained the answer. After about 4 minutes of working it out on scratch paper, Evolin rewrote her work and moved on to the next question.

The next question concerned chemical reactions, specifically calculating limiting reactions. Evolin ways had trouble trying to find out the limiting reactant. It was 8:27 am and almost an hour left.

"Damnitdamnitdamnit! Okay Evolin youv...... Oh gawd." she thought to herself inwardly. Another wave pulsated which made her lower area throb like crazy. Her predicament was only growing worse and Evolin wasn't sure how much longer she could hold back the flood. Evolin had to pass this course and to do so, she had to pass the exam with high marks. This predicament couldn't get in the way.

After another 10 minutes, she figured out what the limiting reactant and wrote the work. That left only seven more short answer questions. She only had to answer at least seven out of the eight questions to still pass.

Evolin began skimming for easy questions only to find subsequent questions become more difficult. Many of the questions involved graphs for pH, determining the number of subatomic orbitals of three metal atoms, one question about Gibbs' Free Energy, and purely essay type questions.

Evolin had the most trouble with Gibbs Free Energy so she chose to discard that question. She just had six more questions to answer and needed to choose which one to answer next. Again, her dam felt immense pressure and throbbed. This time, it was different.

Her lower region was becoming exhausted and held back several waves of desperation since she woke up. She almost felt the flood when driving to school. But because she was tired, and this wave emerged without warning, she was in danger of releasing Niagara Falls the color of yellow gatorade.

She let go of her pencil (which rolled off the side of her desk), grabbed the desk with her hands, and holding with all her left over might. "Nonononot now. Please not now!" she silently mouthed to herself. The wave was so great, she clutched the table like her life depended on it. She double crossed her legs and squeezed them tightly together.

For the next several minutes, she was fighting to keep the dam closed. She didn't want to have a single drop come out. It was 8:40 am and time was running out. She still had six more short answer questions to answer. She needed to ace this test and her liquid gold wasn't going to stop her.

Evolin clamped her dam shut even tightly, even though it did nothing to stop the wave of desperation. She shifted in her seat ever so slightly, and swaying her knees side to side to alleviate her pain. It worked and made her wave subside a little. Catching her breath, she allocated some of her focus towards her exam.

Evolin carefully got up from her seat and went to pick up her pencil. Bending down was painful as it only made the pang-like feeling worse. She sat back down and began working on the next set of questions.

Using her knowledge of the metal elements given, she determined the number of orbitals for the elements cobalt, nickel, vanadium, and copper. She realized they don't follow the rules since they're electron configuration varies in each column and row.

Afterwards, she went on to answer the question about explaining the chemical equation for chemical reaction rate [k]. This was a tough one and she needed time to process this. Half her mind was on keeping her dam shut (and risking her muscles becoming locked in that position) and the other half on her exam.

In addition, Evolin was tired and needed fuel biochemical fuel in her cells. She never ate anything for breakfast except the toast. With all the thinking she had to do, that toast was not enough to cover her energy needs.

After five minutes, she was about to move on when she figured it out and answered it right away. "Two down, five to go." she whispered. Evolin had only 42 minutes left of exam time and she had to finish fast.

Another wave of desperation swept by which made her stop her test taking again. This time, she softly groaned and winced. She instinctively put her hands on her crotch area of her jeans. This wave was pulsating so much she shook her leg and started rubbing her thighs back and forth rapidly.

"Come on Evolin, keep it together. You still have five more questions to go." Using her will power, she forced herself to focus on her exam and make the wave subside. The next question concerned a graph of the pH. Reading this graph wasn't her strong suit either, but she had to figure it out.

Evolin discarded the energy question, which meant the other seven had to be answered. No excuses about it! After giving some thought, she remembered how to tackle the question and answered it immediately.

The next three questions were answered over the course of 20 minutes. Each one she had to answer carefully and while fighting her predicament. Shaking her leg, rubbing her thighs, etc., it was all done to hold it.

At last, at 9:02 am, Evolin had one more question to answer to make at least seven answered short answer question out of eight. This one was a doosy. It involved the procedure for performing distillation of salicylic acid.

"Great! I can't remember the steps for this!" she thought. She couldn't possibly know the details off the top of her head, especially at this point. Her predicament had become so bad it was on the verge of exploding.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm" she moaned to herself. She began grabbing her thighs, double crossing her legs multiple times, and even twirling her hair. She had to answer this question. Evolin was considering answering the energy question, but she knew this stuff was just as hard as the distillation question.

However, she knew a little something about Gibbs' Free Energy. Evolin changed her mind and chose to answer the question parts A and B. Part A inquired what it was and Part B inquired how to calculate it.

Evolin took a step back and thought. She focused all her attention on Gibbs' Free Energy and after about two minutes, Evolin was thinking back to her notes about reactions spontaneously occurring, having a positive energy value while those not spontaneous had a negative energy value.

Then, finally it all came back to her. She remembered what it was about and wrote it down. Then, she wrote down the equation to calculate the energy. Once that was done, she handed in her exam.

Evolin, keeping her hands in her crotch, she quickly made her way to the bathroom. However, when she arrived only to see a horrid site. Both stalls were taken and it seemed that none of then would be vacated.

Evolin had to urinate before it was too late. From the moment she got up, handed her paper in, and made her way here, she was bursting. The next bathroom was on the other side of the building which Evolin didn't want to make the trek to.

After 10 minutes of waiting, pacing around, bobbing up and down, grabbing her thighs and croctch, her opportunity became available. One of the stalls opened and out came a female student. Evolin made her way into the stall and shut the door fast.

Evolin's wave of desperation was the strongest it had been this morning. All her soda and coffees from last night, and water this morning was ready to come out. Using the last of her will power, she kept the dam shut while undressing. She had to unbutton and unzip her pants, plus put toilet paper on the seat.

"Gaaaaaaaaaaaah!" Evolin whined. It was now or never. She lowered herself onto the toilet, then let go. She urinated a gusher like she never thought possible. It was loud and everyone in the female's bathroom heard it. For the next 30 seconds, she sat on the toilet seat emptying her aching bladder.

In that time, Evolin panted as her heart beat was returning to normal. Evolin buried her face in her hands. Her whole morning was spent holding back Niagara Falls. Even after her fire hose of a gusher slowed to a trickle, she remained on the toilet seat ready to keel over.

Evolin was exhausted and just wanted to go home. But she had to be awake for work and help her mom. Once Evolin collected herself, she wiped herself (crotch, thighs, and buttocks), then pulled up her pants. She flushed, washed her hands, and left for the campus food court for breakfast.

