Alternate Reality Where Women Stand and Men Sit to Pee Scenarios - Page 2

Author: UrineLover1

*025*2023-03-15 19:37

{{On 3/12/2023 at 7:20 PM, cathong said:

There is a cyoc.net interactive story about women peeing standing up.

One of the branch is that females are socially constructed to do so even with same anatomy as in our reality. However, in that alternative world, men can also peeing standing up, which makes more sense.

In another branch, it is explaned by different anatomies. Women have their vulvas pointed towards front side instead to down side, so urine torrents would fly forward unless the woman intentionally bend her body. While a man's penis points down side, and it's too short to be directed forward when not erected, but too hard to be bent forward when erected. (In this case, male using cow"girl" position on female partner is the natural sexual position.)

There is a cyoc.net interactive story about women peeing standing up.

One of the branch is that females are socially constructed to do so even with same anatomy as in our reality. However, in that alternative world, men can also peeing standing up, which makes more sense.

In another branch, it is explaned by different anatomies. Women have their vulvas pointed towards front side instead to down side, so urine torrents would fly forward unless the woman intentionally bend her body. While a man's penis points down side, and it's too short to be directed forward when not erected, but too hard to be bent forward when erected. (In this case, male using cow"girl" position on female partner is the natural sexual position.)

}}

Yeah, I overheard that there is another idea out there nearly identical to mine (with some, I'll be it, better adjustments). But that's the exciting thing, how two writers can have very similar ideas! Thanks for reading my stories here, hope you enjoyed it!

*026*2023-03-21 17:36

Estel jogged as fast as her heavily muscled legs would allow. She flew down the corridor in great strides. Her breasts were held down firmly by her chest armor so she didn’t have to worry about them knocking about. The star image on Estel’s chest plate gave the illusion of a shooting star moving down the hall. Estel’s spiky gloves grasped her belt and angrily tugged it to the side in a desperate attempt to take a little pressure off of her overworked bladder.

Estle hadn’t had the opportunity to piss since before leaving base. Her bladder hurt so badly! It didn’t help that she had a large coke and a two-liter water on the helicopter ride over. She couldn’t help it. Nerves made her thirsty! And now, Estel’s lips were parched!

As the commander ran down the red-carpeted hallway, being chased by what would be considered a small army, she could feel the liquids inside sloshing around like storm waves knocking around a sailboat. Estel grits her teeth and sneered at the pain. But she continued. She ran at super speeds, but she could feel the breath of the army on her. Under normal circumstances, Estel would simply piss in the hallway. After all, this hall belonged to her enemy. These guys assaulted and murdered countless men and women. If anything, pissing here was the right thing to do. But given the army on her tail, Estel had no time for a piss break. And that drove her bladder mad with fury.

Estel’s braid swished behind her like the tail of a lion. Her tanned skin was beaded with sweat. Her green eyes burned with desperation and even some fear. Estel scrunched her eyebrows, squeezed her genitals through her jeans, and kept on going.

Estel turned a corner and sped down an adjacent hallway. The mop of golden hair on her head bobbed up and down like a pogo stick. Why did Estel insist on taking this mission alone? It was probably for the best. She didn’t want her comrades to see her like this. The great Estel was not only running from her enemies, but she was running from her enemies with an urgent need to empty her bladder. It was humiliating!

“Hey! Stop, you,” shouted one of Estel’s pursuers.

Following Estel was a group of twenty or so men and women carrying guns. They fired their weapons at Estel, but the bullets all bounced harmlessly off of her chest plate. Estel hoped they wouldn’t aim lower or higher as the rest of her body was not bulletproof.

Estel’s feet touched the floor for less than a second before she picked them up and brought them down to another step.

Estel moved around her belt again. She could feel her rock hard bladder press up against her abs. The full ball of fluid was pressing against her incredibly tight belt and it was the most annoying, agonizing sensation of Estel’s career! It was so painful, too painful! Estel couldn’t possibly outrun these freaks in her desperate condition. She would have to piss!

Estel knew the exit to this castle was still a few hallways down. No way would she ever manage to make it. Normally, Estel was much faster than this. Between her muscles and her great athletic prowess, Estel was the fastest person at base. But due to a six-ton bladder weighing down her pelvis and thus weighing down the rest of her body, Estel was about as fast as an elderly person on roller skates. If Estel had any hopes of outrunning these guys and making it back to base to report what she learned, she would have to dump her cargo.

This would be the most embarrassing moment of her life. But the enemy was close on her tail. Estel only had seconds before they caught up with her and shot her in the back of the head. Estel had one option left. She knew what must be done.

“Sorry pants,” Estel looked down. “We had a good run.”

Estel took a breath and removed her hands from her crotch. Estel relaxed and as she continued to run, hot liquid spread over the front of her dark blue jeans. The belt pressed down, and Estel’s footsteps shook her bladder. The whole thing let go. The bowling ball of urine Estel was running with suddenly exploded all over the hallway.

The wet patch spread down Estel’s legs and soaked onto the back of her jeans. The wet spot branched off, creating an interesting pattern of pee as the piss spot spread down each pant leg and onto the butt. The urine seeped from Estel’s pants and created a gray stain on the red carpet below her. Estel’s candy-like eyes softened and a gray trail followed behind her on the carpet below.

Estel’s enemies - having noticed this - froze in their tracks, hypnotized at the tree-like pattern of urine on their nemesis’ pants and the soaked river of wet carpet following her.

Estel could feel her shoes fill with warm pee. She could feel her underwear was underwater in yellow. But she could also feel her pursuers had stopped following her, amazed at what they saw. Snickering, Estel had an idea. Estel shut her eyes and used her sheer muscles to push as hard as possible down on her piss balloon, adding extra pressure to her stream. Estel’s urine stream grew in pressure. It grew in so much pressure that Estel’s pee burst from her jeans and the stream shot twenty feet above her head and blasted the round ceiling above her head. The pee stream bounced off the stone roof and flew back down.

In order to avoid her own piss stream, Estel did a twirl and maneuvered out of the way of her rebounding piss geyser. The pee wave blasted from the crotch of Estel’s pants, off the ceiling, and came back down, soaking her enemies in a golden shower.

Refusing to turn around, Estel heard her enemies holler and scream in horror as they were swept away by a twenty-foot-tall piss waterfall. Estel’s urine was mostly clear, with very little color to it. The stream was so wide it looked like it was coming from an elephant’s urethra rather than a human’s. Estel was still unable to believe she managed to pee so hard that she hit the stone ceiling which was placed twenty feet above her head. And she did all of that through her jeans no less! Estel’s talent went past shooting a gun at far range and outrunning horses.

Estel was still peeing by the time she rounded three more corners and charged through the front gates. Estel made it out of the castle and she was still peeing as she ran full steam ahead back to the helipad to be picked up and carried off to base.

Who knew someday the great commander Estel would be saved by her own liquid waste? Estel found herself grateful she drank so much before coming here. She would have to remember this strategy for future missions. Estel ran so fast, she appeared to be a ray of light. Estel ran, leaving a trail of urine the whole way.

By the time Estel made it a half mile away to the helipad, she finally managed to stop peeing.

The driver of the helicopter looked down at Estel, confusion and surprise in his eyes. “What happened to you?” he asked, studding the commander’s soaking wet pants which stunk of fresh urine.

Estel just hopped onto the helicopter, smiled, and replied, “That was relieving!”

Next story: (Sorry, the replies merged together)

Shana found herself dancing up to the park bathrooms. Shana kept her hands so far in her jeans’ crotch that they appeared to vanish like a magicians’ rabbit. Shana’s loose belt straps brushed against the back of her hands making them itch. But she didn’t dare remove her hands for even a second to scratch them. Curse the Bladder Burster soda she drank at the festival.

Shana finally came to a stop at the ladies’ room door. The pink stick-woman hung on the door above her. Shana - keeping her hands in her jeans and her face scrunched like a prune - danced quickly, moving her feet up and down in a desperate marching movement. Shana sucked up her courage and removed a single hand from her groin to grasp the bathroom door. Shana tugged and… No, no… NOOOOO!

Shana fell to her knees in front of the locked bathroom door. Her hands stayed in her crotch and her whole body trembled and sweated. Shana felt as though wavy lines were radiating off of her body, indicating the vast amount of movement she was making. Shana’s bladder stuck out so far, she could race toy cars along it like a race track. Her belly button was filled with sweat. Her incredibly long brown hair was buried below her rump and shook with each movement she made. Her fingerless gloves were filled with perspiration and her cross necklace hung down so low, it got stuck between her six-pack abs.

As she lay there, shaking and sweating before the locked ladies’ room, Shana’s eardrums picked up a terrible sound. Shana’s head slowly turned and there, behind her, standing like a vicious dinosaur was a ten-foot-tall fountain of flowing water. The water rushed and gushed so far up, Shana felt her pupils turn into mini waterfalls, unable to take her eyes off the evil thing.

Shana could feel the Bladder Burster do its job and burst her bladder! Shana knew she could not hold for long. Her only chance was the men’s room. But looking over at the door, Shana saw a miserable fellow rumble his hand over the lock, unable to open it. He left disappointed. The ladies’ room was locked. The men’s room was locked. There was a fountain behind her. Shana’s bladder was the size of a melon. The Bladder Burster was itching closer and closer to the exit with each passing second.

If only Shana pissed before the festival closed. But the line had been so long, she may not have been able to get in before the festival ended anyway. If only she hadn’t had that three-liter soda. But it was far too late for ‘too lates’. Shana had to piss and she needed to piss now!

Shana - having one last hope - did a quick scan of the park. No one. It was perfectly empty. It was now or never.

The sun was setting, making the sky burn orange like wildfire. Shana stumbled to her feet. Her legs were so shaky, one could have easily mistaken them for a plate of Jell-O on a wobbly chair. Shana floundered her body all around, struggling to move around the wall. Once on the other side of the bathrooms, Shana was face to face with a brick wall. Potty dancing, she did one last look to make sure she was perfectly alone. When she established she was, Shana undid her belt and unzipped her jeans.

Opening her pants, Shana felt a leak occur. She stood only a foot away from the wall. She pulled her white panties out of the way and used her fingers to aim her pussy upwards.

Water noises brushing into her ears, Shana let loose. The Bladder Buster shot out in a perfectly clear stream, a stream so clear it looked like water. The power from such a full bladder was impeccable. Out of Shana’s tensed-up labia came a stream so ferocious, it blasted itself so far up the wall that it landed on the roof of the bathroom building. Shana’s stream flew so far upwards that it left gray marks of urine all over the bricks, climbing in a vertical strip as wide as a soccer ball. The stream blasted several feet above the building before finally crashing down on the top. Urine splashes rained from the roof and covered the grass all around Shana. Shana even felt a few streams mark her hair, shining in the sunset.

Shana panted, unable to contain her excitement at letting such a load out of her system. Shana lightly banged her head against the brick wall and let it rest there. Shana’s nose pressed against the faint smell of urine left by the gray areas all over the wall.

Shana tried to keep her stream below her face, but the power of her urine ended up washing her cheeks and hair in warm liquid. Shana’s urine felt like molten lava upon her face. A single tear welled in her brown eye and dripped away. This feeling was far too amazing to even attempt to hide. Besides, Shana was all alone. She let out a powerful curse word, trying to regain control of both stream and body.

Swear oozed down Shana’s cleavage and soaked her boobs, trapped inside her tight black bra. Beads of urine dripped from Shana’s face. Perhaps putting her face on the wall, directly in the line of fire of her pee geyser was not the best idea.

Shana instead threw her head back and let out a loud roar of enthusiasm. Urine sprinkled from the rooftop all over Shana’s feet. Urine ran in waterfalls over the top of the building. Shana suddenly found herself wondering exactly how high could she make her urine fly?

Once again, Shana peeked around to make sure she was completely and utterly alone. She certainly was. And so, to celebrate this glorious pee, Shana pushed and shoved down on her bladder muscles, forcing the power of her stream to grow so high that her stream rocketed out of her jeans and flew in a fifty-foot-tall geyser of liquid waste. The urine stream now stood three times as tall as the bathroom building itself. Shana pushed even harder and her clear river blasted up to seventy feet and then seventy-five.

Shana’s urine stream arched at seventy-five feet in the sky before falling back to earth. Shana wouldn’t have doubted it if you could see her pee from space. The stream was as wide as a human being and as tall as a guard rail standing on its side. This was by far the most joyful, satisfying piss Shana had ever experienced in her life.

Shana tried to make her pee go even higher, but no matter how hard she pushed, her urine would not budge from its current peak of seventy-five feet. Although, Shana swore she saw the arch waver upwards slightly. Maybe she earned herself a few extra inches.

Shana pushed this hard for the entire duration of her urination. Finally, as her bladder began to become dry again - an entire ninety minutes later - the curve began to shrink. The curve went down to sixty feet, fifty feet, thirty feet, it reached the top of the building again and then began to fall down the side of the bathroom building once more.

Shana soon found herself making a weak trail of pee between her feet into the grass. And then the stream dribbled to a stop and Shana happily shook off her last dribbles of urine. She shook off her wet pussy and then zipped up.

As Shana turned and redid her belt, she looked up and paused. Standing there was a giant crowd of thirty people including two police officers. It was a sea of shocked faces, an ocean of astonished passersby. Every person in the crowd wore the exact same expression. Large eyes and wide open mouths. They didn’t look at one another, they just kept their gazes fixed on Shana. Shana’s high stream must have attracted all of their attentions. But how long were they watching her?

No one moved, no one speaked. The crowd just stood there with their mouths agape, unable to believe that high pee stream Shana just took. Shana just smiled and walked off, secretly taking joy in the knowledge that everyone’s eyes followed her.

*027*2023-03-21 17:46

Rena could feel her bladder pulsating. She wiggled on her leather sofa, clamping all of her muscles as tight as one could. Rena wore her lacy cobalt blue robe decorated in images of flowers as loose as she could manage. The robe was so loose that her pussy was showing as were most of her boobs and the majority of her right nipple. Rena’s large areola was the size of a softball. Her sharp nipple poked the fabric of her robe.

Rena held herself in a hunched position and squirmed. At long last, there was the delightful knock of a door. Rena leaped from her seat and strolled to the door, holding herself as she went.

Rena flung open her dark oak door and leaned an arm against the doorframe. Her other hand rested on her hip. Rena kept her ankles crossed and her heavily muscled legs pointing away from one another. Rena’s hairy vulva was visible for all to see as was her breast and her nipple.

Standing on the opposite side of the threshold was a man dressed in a blue delivery uniform with a matching cap. In one hand he held a green bag and in the other, he held a receipt. Rena licked her lips. This dude was even more attractive than she envisioned.

Upon seeing Rena, the man’s eyes popped open as wide as snow globes. And just like snow globes, his eyes reflected wonder and mystery. His lip curled into surprise and his eyebrows hit the ceiling. He had nice dark hair and pale skin. He was certainly a hotty.

“Hey there, mister,” Rena played it casually as if she weren’t half naked. “I appreciate the delivery. I just love Chinese food. Especially their chicken.” Rena smacked her lips. “You are a nice piece of chicken yourself.”

The delivery man’s eyes involuntarily explored Rena’s coffee-colored skin. Rena couldn’t help but a silent giggle as she noticed his eyes land on her pussy which had a forest of pubes dotting her body. He also spent a rather long time observing her plump, round breasts and her crazy large areolas. Rena’s robe was tied just below her chest, giving just enough room to show off the features of her body.

Rena ran a soft hand over her enlarged stomach. “I have a pretty full bladder right now,” she stated. “I know, I’m weird. How about you, a… Come in, and I’ll show you my bladder and my body. How does that sound?” Rena spoke in a slow yet sexy voice, a voice that easily conveyed what she wanted without outright saying it.

Rena expected - or at least she hoped - the delivery man would go spreading into her apartment. Instead, he gulped and quickly passed Rena her food and her receipt. “Enjoy,” he swallowed before turning and speeding down the steps three at a time.

Looking out at the hallway, Rena grunted in irritation. That was the third sexy delivery guy that ran away from her. What was wrong with these guys? Rena was attractive… Right. She knew she came on strong, but she was horny, she didn’t have time for dating. Maybe it was the talk of pee play. But she couldn’t help it. Omorashi had turned Rena on for as long as she could remember. Rena knew she was getting on in age, but she still thought she was attractive.

Rena spotted one of her female neighbors standing at the garbage chute, looking at Rena with wide eyes and a dropped jaw.

“What are you looking at?” Rena snapped.

The woman quickly tossed her garbage bag down the chute and ran back into her own apartment, slamming the door.

Rena huffed. A strand of her silky black hair was covering her vision. Rena miserably tucked it behind her ear. She found herself doing a slight jig from the pressure she was currently feeling inside her body. Rena grunted and tossed her take-out and receipt carelessly into her apartment. She snatched her key off the shelf beside her and pocketed it in her robe. She slammed her door (which locked automatically) and stormed down the steps of her seventeen-story (she lived on the third floor) apartment building.

If those delivery guys wouldn’t entertain her urinary and sexual needs, Rena would take all of her bodily urges to them!

Rena found herself walking through the park. People walked by her on the sidewalk, going in either direction. There was a lady walking her dog and a couple jogging. There was a man talking on his cell phone. There was a bench with three gossiping ladies and there was a man playing fetch with his moose-sized dog. But all of these people had something in common. They all turned their heads and looked at Rena as she passed by. It didn’t surprise the sexy lady. After all, she was wearing a robe that was quite revealing. Everyone had the ability to see her boobs, her nipples, her areola, her hairy vagina, her belly button even, her muscular legs, all of it. Less than a fraction of Rena’s body was covered in a robe and she was nearly ready to shed this clock and show off every square inch of sexy pecan skin.

Rena’s bare feet slapped the concrete of the sidewalk. Rena smiled at people as she passed. She whipped her hair as sexy as possible. It was a nice warm summer day and the sun was begging to tuck itself away behind the hills for another night. It was so peaceful. And everyone had a full view of the confident, half-naked, full-bladdered, Rena.

Speaking of full bladders, Rena’s felt tighter and tighter with each step she took. She would have to find a place to empty. This was the most exciting part of the journey!

Rena walked up to a man sitting in a wheelchair with a blue blanket over his lap. The blanket was clearly kitted by someone. The man’s wheelchair sat in the grass and he held a red book in his hands. He was so engaged in reading that he hardly noticed the sexy naked woman strolling his way.

“Hey,” Rena cleared her throat. The disabled gentleman looked up. His eyes dropped and his book hit the grass. “Man, oh, man,” Rena continued caressing her bladder bump. “My bladder is so damn full,” Rena moaned. “I must alleviate it, pronto.”

Rena positioned herself parallel to the man’s wheelchair. She held her pussy with two fingers, her prickly pubes brushing against her like reeds in the wind. A thin stream of golden nectar came falling from Rena’s vulva. The sexy dark woman held her head up and allowed her mouth to form an O shape and her eyes to widen. “Fuck, that feels good,” Rena moaned. “Phew! Needed that one, know what I’m saying, buddy?” Rena turned to find the disabled man rolling off down the path.

Grunting, Rena closed down her trickle and ventured off to find her next target.

Rena found an attractive man whistling as he watered a bunch of flowers with a lime-colored watering can.

“Hey,” Rena stood beside the man in the sun hat. “Need some help?” Rena jumped up and down slightly as one would do at the urinal. Rena again held her pussy with two fingers and aimed a heavy stream down into the tulips at her feet. She took great joy in watching her pale yellow waste splatter against the leaves and stems of the plants. “Feels relieving. You want to join in, dude?” Rena looked to see the garden and his watering can wear both gone.

Okay, this strategy wasn’t working. Time for a different tactic. Rena again ended her stream abruptly and carefully stepped around the dirt so as not to ruin her perfectly polished tootsies.

Rena sat down on her side beside three middle-aged women who sat on a picnic blanket, chatting and laughing at the latest news stories in their personal lives.

“Hey, girls,” Rena said, to which the women responded by jumping backward in alarm. “I’m pissed off! Ha! Get it? Ah, you three are ladies, you know what I’m talking about.” Rena turned herself on her butt and aimed her pussy into the lawn where she once again began to drain her bodily juices. “Whew! That is one good piss,” Rena cried. “You ladies are more than welcome to join in…” Rena looked to find the trio of middle-aged females scattered away. Cursing, Rena shut off her flow and stood to her bare feet.

It was unbelievable. A crowd of over three dozen people and none of them even wanted to talk to Rena. It was time to do something drastic, something big, something that would attract lots of attention, something to force these people to pay attention to her!

“Ha!” Rena trumpeted as she ran up and down the sidewalk, urine gushing from between her legs. Rena aimed the stream in front of her as she jogged forward. Piss sprayed from her like a broken fire hydrant. The stream touched the concrete, turning the light gray into a dark gray color. The urine puddle extended outwards. In several places, the gray river grew arms and made patterns all along the walkway. The gray patch along the sidewalk was as long as a boa constrictor.

But as she ran across the sidewalk, Rena had to take extra care to avoid pedestrians. Rena would swerve to the side or pull her stream back so as not to splash them. A man leaped to the side as Rena peed past him. Rena picked her stream higher so as to avoid spraying a woman on the kneecap. Rena ran around another woman, creating a half ring of gray concrete around her, but a stray stream of piss fired off on the opposite side of the woman. This created the shape of a Japanese hand fan around the woman.

Rena proudly dumped her liquid waste all over the very same path people use to navigate the park. But even a trail of pee left behind her was not enough!

Rena did a cartwheel in the grass, all while peeing. This caused her urine to spin around in circles in the air before finally resting on the lawn. Rena stood with her back bent backward and her hips shoulder length apart. Rena used as much force as her body would allow to pull her pussy lips apart and upwards.

From the depths of Rena’s hairy vulva came a jet of pee like no other. A stream as wide as the Steamboat Geyser in Yellowstone National Park came gushing from the beautiful flaps of skin that made up Rena’s labia. The powerful piss hissed across the landscape and crashed to the ground, turning the eastern side of the park into the Everglades swamp.

Pedestrians ran and yelped, avoiding the monster floor Rena’ was ejecting from her cooch. And now for the pièce de résistance!

Rena took her spot in the center of the park. She pulled her spraying vaginal lips as far as they would go. In turn, this caused Rena’s urination to blast upwards like a rocket and stay in orbit one hundred and eighty or so meters off the ground. It was a geyser of urine, with individual splashes raining down.

Rena laughed and cackled. “This is the most fun I’ve had in my entire…” Looking around, Rena noticed something odd about the park. It was deserted. That was a bummer. But Rena didn’t care. As she sprayed her piss higher than most birds dared to fly, she thought to herself, Who cares if no one is around to witness this? This is awesome! And hey, I can always play with myself later!

Rena sure liked the idea of stroking her hairy pussy and masturbating while thinking of her little pee pee adventure in the public park.

Next story: (The replies were once again merged. Sorry about that!)

Reika’s fat knees bounced and her legs jiggled every which way. Reika shuffled one hand in her aching pussy and kept the other firmly on the wheel. Around her, there were cars honking and bleating and traffic moving slower than the offspring of a tortoise and a snail. Reika bit down so hard on her lip that she drew blood. How she regretted drinking those three giant ice teas! She could just imagine the waves of urine swishing through her ureters and filling her bladder, making it grow to the size of Stefano Cutrupi’s record-breaking pumpkin.

The seat belt was pressing down on Reika’s bladder making the heavy organ even more restricted. Seeing as how traffic was basically at a standstill right now, Reika pushed down on her seat belt retractor and allowed the band to fly backward over her shoulder. Reika hissed under her breath, grasping her throbbing genitalia. Her jeans were also giving her trouble. Reika undid the top button of her pants, allowing her bladder as much room to move around as possible.

The straps of Reika’s black panties were sticking out on either side of her jeans. Her panty straps lay flat against either side of her big belly. Reika’s boulder-sized breasts pressed against the steering wheel. They were like two melons stuffed into the same grocery bag.

Reika hissed again. She was so sweaty from this hold, she even felt her hair drip with moisture. Her hair was long and as black as night. Reika could feel the end of her hair trapped underneath her disco ball-sized ass cheeks.

Reika impatiently began to tap her free high-heeled sandal against the floor of her car. Meanwhile, her fingers drummed the wheel, doing what little they could distract Reika from the pressure inside her pelvis.

Reika craned her head, attempting to see where the traffic jam ended. Or at least what caused it in the first place. Sadly, she could see neither. The line of cars appeared to go on indefinitely.

As Reika pulled her car a few inches forward, she felt the pressure inside her bladder skyrocket as though her kidneys dropped a rock inside it just for laughs. Reika instantly knew that she had to piss now! Her bladder had been very patient thus far. But there was only so much her sweating sphincter muscle could do to stop the incoming flood of whiz.

Her eyes and mind desperately searching around for options, Reika spotted an empty water bottle she had forgotten to recycle in her house. Thank god Reika was a woman! She snatched the bottle and in a huff, she pulled open her jeans father and moved aside her underwear just as the iced tea forced its way free.

“GAHHHH!” wailed Reika. Reika’s eyes lit up like a cell phone screen in the dark. Her tongue unrolled from her mouth like a fruit roll-up and her breathing instantly came to a screeching halt. The loudest pissing sound ever recorded was heard as a great deal of pressure exited Reika’s urinary bladder and found a new plastic home. Reika’s stream was both wide and powerful. It was the size of an acorn cap and it sprayed all over the inside of the bottle. “Fuck, that feels awesome,” Reika sighed, slamming her head down on the wheel, making an unintentional, hoooonk.

Just when Reika felt her spirit lift and the world was at peace, she quickly discovered a new problem. An even greater problem.

Her once empty water bottle was now a nearly full pee bottle! Reika cursed. She squeezed her pussy muscles but nothing happened. The urine level inside the clear tube of plastic continued to climb closer and closer to the opening, the opening which was currently holding a tight grip on Reika’s urethral opening.

Reika was unable to stop the flow. She drank too much and her urine was forcing its way out. Reika’s bladder was done asking Reika what she wanted. Now her bladder was in control and that bursting bladder beast would not rest until every last drop was drained from Reika’s submerged system. What to do? What to do?

Reika’s eyes again began to drift around her vehicle, urgency in her pupils. Reika really didn’t want to piss all over her Toyota! But what to do? If only she hadn’t thrown out those iced tea cups she had guzzled. But in Reika’s defense, she didn’t think she would need them again. How was she supposed to know she would find herself stuck in three hours of traffic?

Reika felt her urethra go underwater. Without even needing to look, Reika knew the inevitable happened. The water bottle was full of cyber yellow solution. There were no more cups or bottles available to her. And her stream was physically unable to stop or even slow down. All hope was lost.

So, Reika played the last card she had left. She threw open her car door. She tossed her piss bottle into the cup holder. She maneuvered her body so it faced outside the car door, facing the open road. And she peed. And she peed. And she peed. One would assume that after getting so much pressure off, Reika’s stream would quiet down now. But that person would be wrong. Reika’s stream only grew in power. Her stream grew to be so powerful that it blasted far above the rooftops of all of the cars. The deep yellow urine stream flew over fifty feet tall, soaring above the packed highway.

Reika let out a heavy breath and enjoyed the feeling of sending all of her urine spraying down over every other car on the road within a fifty-foot radius of her.

Reika noticed people in the other cars staring out their windows, looking super surprised and or uncomfortable. But she didn’t care. She was just so grateful for such a glorious piss.

“Go, my precious iced tea, be free!” Reika laughed, her mind delicious with relief.

Reika’s urine continued to glide high up into the lower troposphere, giving each and every car around her a nice golden shower. Streams of pee ran down the other car windows, making them all glitter in liquid gold. Reika just laughed at the expressions of her fellow drivers. This was the best feeling in the universe! And when Reika finally finished her lovely piss, she noticed the highway was all cleared up. The other cars had wasted no time in driving away. The other cars were all gone and the sun was setting.

Reika shook the last of her liquid off her lips and climbed back into her vehicle. Slamming her door and starting the engine, Reika hollered with laughter Reika even felt a drop of urine - which had somehow made it onto the tattoo above her right boob - now sliding down her cleavage. That was one sloppy pee! And it was well worth the wait!

Reika turned to the bottle brimming with pee beside her and she snickered to herself. There was no bottle in the world large enough to contain that pee she just took!

*028*2023-03-24 16:20

It was a sweltering hot day in Texas. And that meant lots of hydration was in order!

Country music lightly exiting the radio, Vitta casually cruised her swat car down the streets, doing petrol of the town. No signs of trouble. Good. Just the way she liked it. As Vitta drove along, she had her head tilted back so she could dump a large two-liter water bottle down her dry throat. Vitta chugged so swiftly, a lump formed and receded on her neck, moving in sync with the swallowing motions she made.

Vitta could feel a small urge to take a piddle. Nothing too bad though. Her break would be coming up in two short hours. She could hold until then.

Vitta’s eyes landed on the building next to her. Standing with her back to Vitta’s swat car was a tall, slim woman with long black hair and tanned skin. The woman was humming to herself and swaying her hips. Vitta could tell from that motion exactly what this lady was doing.

Vitta lowered her water jug, rolled down her window, and shouted out, “Hey, ma’am, I’m sorry, but you can’t piss here. This is a residential area.”

The woman turned her neck around and snapped back, “What’s the good of being able to stand and take a piss if you’re not allowed?”

“I’m sorry, ma’am, but you gotta wrap it up and move along,” ordered Vitta.

“Just let me piss in peace,” snapped the woman.

Vitta sighed. The sound of trickling echoed into Vitta’s ears. The noise that came with urine hitting bricks made its way into Vitta’s mind and made her subconsciously squeeze her knees together. Perhaps all of that water wasn’t the best idea. But it was over one hundred degrees out. What was Vitta supposed to do?

Vitta - giving up - drove her swat car onward, allowing the female pedestrian to, as she put it, ‘piss in peace’.

As Vitta drove along, she spotted a public restroom building wedged between two buildings. Vitta instantly noticed the huge difference in lines. In other words, the men’s room had a line. A long line of ten or fifteen men stretched out past the bathroom door. Most of the men just played on their cell phones or watched the clouds to pass the time. But Vitta noticed one or two men were rather fidgety. Meanwhile, women were zipping in and out of their bathroom. One woman came out, two went in, one out, one in, three out, one in. Vitta shook her head, unable to help but feel sorry for those poor gentlemen. Come to think of it. Vitta really did have sympathy for them right now. That water passed through her kidneys faster than Vitta had hoped it would. Now, the policewoman was forced to wiggle in her seat, her break still a solid one hour and forty-five minutes away.

Moaning, Vitta drove on from the bathroom building. She longed to rush inside, just for a quick urinal visit. But she would never forgive herself if something happened to her town while she was hosing down the porcelain.

One hand on the wheel, Vitta used her free hand to wipe away the sweat that was staining her upper dark red lipstick-painted lip. Surprisingly, it wasn’t the pressure of a heavy bladder that was making the policewoman break out sweating. Instead, it was this damned heat! Vitta had a strong desire to have a quick drink. But looking at her three-quarters empty two-liter bottle, she knew she had enough. She drank one and a half liters of water in the past hour. And Vitta was smart enough to know that every single drop she sipped would have to be released… Eventually.

Vitta pulled her swat car into an alleyway with the intention of keeping an eye on the town from the shadows for a while. It would give her a chance to rest. Try resting with a full bladder, Vitta thought to herself.

Once her swat car was safely tucked in the alleyway, Vitta adjusted the rearview mirror so she could get a better look at herself. The heat was causing her otherwise light-tanned skin to go red. Particularly in her cheeks. Vitta’s cheeks were so beat red, you could hardly tell she was wearing blush. As Vitta wiggled in her seat, her ball earrings swung back and forth like crystal balls that are used by fortune tellers. Vitta undid her seat belt in the hopes of getting more comfortable.

If only she wasn’t forced to wear this hot suit, she might not have been so hot that she drank a liter and a half of water. But instead, she was forced to wear a yellow-green vest decorated with badges and long black pants with a belt to match. And by Vitta’s own personal foolishness, she also wore a teal undershirt.

Vitta was so tempted to undo her belt. She was even more tempted to piss in the alleyway. But she just yelled at another woman for doing that. She couldn’t do the same thing. It wouldn’t be right.

So, Vitta just sat there, squirming up and down the length of her chair. With each thrust created by her powerful buns, her gun holster and earrings swayed back and forth, brushing against her leg and ear lobes respectively. Vita stuck a fist down her crotch to help her hold. She squeezed with all of her strength - which was a lot! Vitta was a bodybuilder and her dream was to someday win a tournament. Due to this, her muscles were covered in their own gymnasiums.

Vitta’s grip was strong enough to squeeze an avocado to death. Vitta held herself with all of her bear strength. It was enough to dial back the urgency of her bladder. Still, Vitta closed her eyes, her orange eyelashes creating a cage around her eyelids. Closing her eyes always helped Vitta concentrate. Vitta refused to give in to her bladder’s demands. She was a strong woman. She grew up milking cows and arm wrestling her brothers - who were also strong - and she always came out on top. Vitta would not be defeated by a little bit of pee!

Suddenly, Vitta’s phone - which rested on the dashboard - rang. Pulled from her thoughts, Vitta noticed who was calling… It was her roommate and best friend, Rosa. Perfect! Rosa was always good at distracting Vitta from her stress. And with her bladder in its current rock-hard state - and still filling - Vitta needed all the distractions she could get. In a rush, she quickly turned off her car radio and answered the call.

“Hey, Vitta,” Rosa’s voice entered the car.

“Hey, Rosa,” replied Vitta.

“So, I was thinking tacos for dinner tonight,” Rosa said. “How does that sound?”

“Sounds good to me.”

“Good. How’s your day going?”

Vitta hesitated, trapped in a subconscious debate. Should she tell Rosa about her situation? She knew Rosa would never make fun of her or judge her and she might provide good insight into the matter. But Vitta didn’t want to bother her with it. On the contrary, Rosa always told Vitta that she didn’t mind being bothered with Vitta’s dilemmas. In fact, she quite enjoyed it. Especially after Vitta helped Rosa out with her immigration troubles a few years back. If anyone could assist Vitta right now, it was Rosa.

“Been better,” Vitta admitted. “It is so freaking hot out today and I drank so much water and now I have to piss like a racehorse!” Even as she said this, Vitta rolled around on her chubby butt, grasping her urethral opening with her muscled hands. “It’s urgent, Rosa,” Vitta cried.

“When is your next break?” asked Rosa.

“Not for another ninety minutes.”

“I see… Do you have anything to pee in? A bottle, maybe.”

“Only my water jug and it isn’t empty yet. Besides, it is the middle of broad daylight out here! I don’t want anyone to look through my windshield and see,” Vitta protested. Vitta could only imagine what that would lead to. A police officer caught urinating in a jug in her car. No, she could not allow that outcome!

“Well, is there any danger right now?” Rosa wondered. “I mean, if no one needs you at the moment, why not nip off to the ladies’ room?”

“I must keep a firm watch on the city,” Vitta snapped. “It may be peaceful now, but what if I leave and something bad happens.”

Rosa laughed. “That’s my Vitta! Always thinking of her city.”

“It’s not funny,” Vitta whined, more high pitched than she intended.

“You’re right, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” apologized a frantic Rosa. “Well, my only other idea is to pee in an alleyway or something.”

“Public urination is against the law,” Vitta stated.

“Well, is exploding into a million pieces against the law?” challenged Rosa. “Because it seems that is where you are headed. I can hear it in your voice, Vitta. Go pee. You’ll feel better when you do.”

Knowing she could not, but also knowing Rosa would insist on it, Vitta quickly ended the conversation by saying, “Don’t worry. I’ll be okay. Ninety minutes will pass in no time.”

“Okay, well, good luck,” Rosa said. “I still say you should get relief, though.”

“I’ll be fine. I’m strong,” Vitta promised.

Rosa laughed again. “That you are. Just use some visual aids. Imagine your bladder is a bodybuilder and it is holding back your pee for you with its Mega-a-Tron muscles.”

“I can try that, I guess. Thanks.”

They each said their goodbyes and hung up. Even though she didn’t have any immediate options for relief, Vitta felt a lot better after talking to Rosa. Vitta did exactly as Rosa instructed. She closed her eyelids tightly again, but this time, she imagined her bladder was lifting a weight. A heavyweight. A weight that Vitta would have no trouble lifting. Her bladder was lifting this massive weight with ease. Vitta visualized her sphincter as an athlete doing some crunches on a workbench. The sphincter lifted the weight up and relaxed its muscles. Up and relaxed. Vitta already felt better. So, she crossed her legs into a pretzel, held her slightly bulging stomach, and did some more visual aids.

Thirty minutes had passed by. They were tough, but with the help of Rosa’s advice, Vitta managed to get through them. Only one hour left and she could take a much-needed urination break.

After having lasted for so long, Vitta was beginning to feel confident again. Perhaps she could manage to hold out until her break in another hour. Vitta quickly regretted thinking this as she must have jinxed herself. A wave the size of a Californian tsunami crashed into Vitta, making her entire body jitter like popcorn kernels in the microwave. Vitta quickly realized Rosa was right. She needed to pee now!

Without thinking, Vitta threw open her car door and rushed to the back of the alleyway. Her hands remained in her crotch the entire time. Vitta hated the idea of breaking a law, but she knew it was an emergency. She didn’t even have time to drive to the restroom building. She would burst long before she made it.

Standing in the back of the alleyway, surrounded by flat stones at the base, was a large oak tree. Vitta already felt guilty for her actions, but the water she drank was pushing out like a battering ram. It was no longer able to be stopped. Her panties were already getting the brunt of the blow. Vitta threw her belt open, ripped open her jeans, took aim via her fingers, and oh the relief was a relief fit for a police officer!

A thick jet of urine sprayed down the tree trunk. Vitta sighed in bliss. She closed her golden eyes, allowing her eyelids to properly rest. That’s when she heard the sound of a clatter. Vitta quickly turned to see a group of people gathered in a window right next to her. They sat at a long dining room table, about seven of them, staring out at Vitta, their eyes open and their jaws dropped.

Vitta could feel herself go red. She wanted so badly to stop and apologize to them. But that would just make things worse. And Vitta doubted she would have been able to stop her flow anyway. This was like Niagra Falls. No force on earth was strong enough to stop her now.

So, the bodybuilding police officer, just stood facing the tree, a powerful torrent hissing through her pants and running down the bark, and she pretended as though seven men and women weren’t watching her in awe.

Vitta’s pee river glowed in the midday light and her fiery orange hair radiated in the same intense sunlight. Vitta’s muscled arms kept a firm grasp on her pussy, allowing her to carefully move the stream through her labia, past her jeans flaps, and onto the tree.

Vitta stood taking a pee on the tree for a pretty long time. The crowd had all moved back to their lunch, too focused on their meal and the latest gossip of the day to pay much attention to the policewoman urinating right outside their window which Vitta appreciated. Every now and then, their eyes would wander upward, just to see if Vitta was still there. She was. Through the whole ordeal, Vitta just stared ahead at her urinal tree and took comfort in the feeling of the process of her pee pouch finally emptying out that liter and a half of H2O.

When Vitta ran dry, she shook and zipped her jeans. A large puddle of piss lay at the base of the trunk, its surface rippling in the gentle breeze. Most of the urine had soaked into the trunk of the dirt surrounding it. But some of her pee lay on the concrete of the alleyway, just like a rain puddle after a storm.

Vitta went back over to her swat car, redoing her belt. Now, her bladder properly voided, and her whole spirit feeling oodles better, Vitta drove off to continue keeping a watchful eye over her city. And from now on, she would have more compassion when one chose to drain themselves in public view.

*029*2023-03-24 16:33

This next one is a cosplay story:

Cheers and shouts of joy were heard. She-Hulk, Supergirl, Batgirl, and Catwoman clinked their plastic cups together. They all held back their heads and poured ice-cold beer down their throats. The golden-brown liquids flowed from the pumpkin-faced container and down the throats of the four superhero-dressed ladies.

“To Halloween,” Batgirl raised her cup.

“To Halloween!” The other three chanted.

As the four glugged and gulped down fluids, they looked around at the Halloween party happening all around them. People in every type of costume imaginable were laughing, drinking, and chatting. Jack-o-lanterns were neatly arranged on the kitchen island. There were fake cobwebs in the corners and one of those tall moving skeleton animatronics against the far wall. There were fake blood stains oozing down the walls and the coffee table had rows of jars, some with brains and some filled with eyeballs. Also on the table, there were several bowls of candy. Everything from pop rocks to lollipops to Snickers were found among the mountains of sweets. The Monster Mash was playing loudly around the entire house as guests moved and talked and some even danced.

There was a knight having a slow dance with a mermaid. Sitting on the couch, a giant yellow M&M was engaged in deep conversation with a penguin with a bow tie. There was a lizard woman chugging beer in the kitchen with a ton of people cheering and chanting for her.

“Does my sister know how to throw a party or what?” Supergirl asked, taking a long slow sip of alcohol.

“It is pretty cool,” She-Hulk agreed. “Where is your sister?”

“I don’t know,” Supergirl shrugged. “Probably boosting about her party-throwing skills or something.”

Catwoman pulled her now empty cup from her mouth, wiping the back of her lip, she sighed. This was Catwoman’s twelfth cup of beer and it seemed to taste better every time. Catwoman swayed on her feet a bit, really feeling the heat from all of that alcohol.

“Hey, Catwoman,” Batgirl said, rather than using her friend’s real name. (As big DC fans (or in She-Hulk’s case, Marvel), the ladies were very dedicated to cosplay). “You okay?” Batgirl asked with concern. “You had a lot to drink.”

“So did the rest of us,” giggled a half-drunk Supergirl. Holding up her cup, she said, “This is my seventh drink.”

“I drank twelve, ha!” Catwoman trumpeted, slamming her palm down on Supergirl’s breast.

“Get you hand off me boob,” Supergirl said in a southern voice, making everyone laugh, stagging on her feet as though she was on a ship.

All of this laughing made Catwoman suddenly recognize the pressure of her abdomen. Even though her drunken state, she could clearly identify what was wrong downstairs. The urge came on and it came on fast. Catwoman’s knees slammed together, her legs trembled under the weight of a bursting full urinary bladder.

“You sure you’re okay, Catwoman?” Batgirl asked, concerned.

“I’m all good,” Catwoman replied, giving her crotch a satisfying squeeze. “Catwoman just needs to find the litter box if you know what I mean.”

“I certainly do,” having zero shame, Supergirl lifted one leg off the ground and pressed her upper leg deep into her quivering girl bits. Upon seeing Catwoman struggling, Supergirl suddenly realized those seven beers had come to the end of their journey. And even more beer was filtering through Supergirl’s kidneys as she and her friends conversed about the topic of urination.

“I kinda need a leak too,” She-Hulk began bouncing up and down, using her cup to press into her crotch in a desperate attempt to hold on longer.

Batgirl has already had to pee for the past twenty minutes, but she didn’t want to miss out on the fun. Having been the most level-headed out of all of her friends when it comes to alcohol, Batgirl has only had a total of three beers so far tonight. Normally, Batgirl has excellent bladder control. But after seeing all of her friends squirm and dance around, Batgirl’s urge increased tenfold. “A good pee sounds nice,” Batgirl agreed, shifting from foot to foot.

The four superheroines were hardly aware of the other guests staring at them, watching these DC/Marvel ladies do desperate potty dances.

The four friends zipped down the hall towards the lavatory, hoping against hope that they would all make it in time.

In most of these lovely ladies, the urge to micturate came on fast. But with cups upon cups of beer settling into their bladders, that was not at all surprising.

The four women nearly collapsed when they saw the bathroom line. Half a dozen people stood before the bathroom. The line was so long that it stretched all the way down the short hallway.

“Fuck,” Catwoman cursed. Catwoman grabbed her tail and pulled it against herself to help her keep in her bubbling piss storm. “I need to go now! What is taking so long?”

“It’s Halloween. Everyone is in costumes. They probably have to get undressed and then redressed,” Batgirl pointed out.

“That’s dumb,” Catwoman hissed.

Batgirl kept her eyes on the zipper in front of Catwoman's costume. In order for Catwoman to get herself free, she would also have to unzip a great deal of her costume. “Is it?” Batgirl challenged.

“It’s the men’s fault,” Supergirl had her legs crossed as tight as tripled-knotted shoelaces. “They take forever in the bathroom! Us girls go in, we pee, we get out. Men have to sit and wipe and a bunch of other stuff. They should learn to pee like us.”

Meanwhile, Catwoman felt all the alcohol she drank sting her bladder like an electric eel. She could feel a nice big, fat drop of clear urine well up on her urethral opening. Catwoman squeezed her tail to her womanhood tighter. “You guys… I really need the washroom,” Catwoman moaned. “My pussy’s pussy is trembling!”

“Ha, I get it, 'cause you’re a cat,” She-Hulk snickered.

“Joking aside, I need to go right now!” Catwoman cried, desperation in her tone. “It’s seriously urgent.”

“Shouldn’t have had all those beers,” Batgirl said, unhelpfully as she adjusted her belt which dug mercilessly into her swollen piss balloon.

There came a flush. Then a woman dressed as a sexy basketball player exited the restroom, allowing a man dressed as an Egyptian pharaoh to enter. This left five people in line in front of the superwomen.

Catwoman’s bladder spasmed and she felt herself leak. She moaned as her suit became damp with boiling pee. Catwoman suddenly found herself wishing she wore underwear today. Maybe then it would have absorbed some of the impact.

After Catwoman, She-Hulk was the most desperate. This was embarrassing for her given that she dressed up as She-Hulk for Halloween (and She-Hulk was by far her favorite superhero), but She-Hulk has an extra weak bladder. She-Hulk is the type of gal that if she drinks half a glass of water, she is running to the restroom. And now, She-Hulk had six cups of beer floating around inside, ready to burst out. She-Hulk could do nothing but keep her legs closed as tight as possible, keep her muscular arms inside her genitalia, and squirm around. She-Hulk’s giant blue orbs of eyes filled with tears, sweat leaking down her face. Try as she might, She-Hulk was unable to do anything but visualize herself standing in front of the toilet, her labia in hand, and the stream started. Oh, the blessed relief she would feel. She-Hulk chewed her lip and grunted, forcing herself to think about other things. Like the party itself.

Supergirl had her legs closed into a knot. Her hands patted her sides and she rocked around in circles. Supergirl began to lightly tug on her curly blonde locks to distract herself. But no amount of hair-pulling could fully take her mind off of her need. Her bladder was so full, that her body required a portion of her brain to focus on her bodily needs at all times. How Supergirl’s bladder needed draining. Supergirl flipped her red cape behind her and stuffed her hands up her short cobalt blue shirt. She could feel the cotton of her underwear. Supergirl bounced from side to side, snapping her head back and forth on each soft jump her body made.

Batgirl was hanging in the easiest. Unlike her friends, Batgirl didn’t have an overwhelming amount of alcohol in her pelvis nor did she have a mini bladder to keep it contained. Still, she had been holding the longest and the urge to alleviate her needs was rising with each passing second. Batgirl held herself and began to fan herself with her silky dark cape.

“Please line, get moving,” Catwoman was hunched over, whispering under her breath. But the line was at a standstill.

“She-Hulk must piss!” She-Hulk bellowed.

“I’m first,” Supergirl announced to her friends.

“Not gonna happen unless you want to clean up my flood,” snapped Catwoman.

“I have a tiny bladder, I should go first,” She-Hulk replied. “You know what they say… All small bladders first!”

“Who would have thought the strong and tough She-Hulk was so weak in the bladder,” Supergirl refrained from giggling, not desiring to add any more unnecessary pressure to her pelvic floor. “You are covered in muscles and yet, you cannot hold your piss.”

“Not to mention, you are ruining our theme,” Catwoman danced. “We are supposed to be DC. You’re Marvel. A marvel with a tiny, tiny, tiny little bladder.”

She-Hulk knew her costume didn’t really aline with her friends. But She-Hulk is by far her favorite superhero. Her friends were kind enough to allow her to go as She-Hulk, but she knew they looked at her funny, seeing as her costume differed from theirs in this one way.

“I…” She-Hulk blushed through her green face paint. Her dyed forest-green hair was plastered to her face with sweat. She had no comment on this, but she longed for a good comeback.

A toilet flushed and a minute later, the pharaoh emerged, allowing a desperate-looking lady dressed as a heart-eyed emoji access to the washroom. Four more were in line before they could pee.

Catwoman thought in fear about how long it took the pharaoh between flushing and leaving. The time it took him to flush and leave the bathroom alone was at least a minute. Catwoman knew men were slow in the bathroom, but good damn! She did not have that amount of time. A sharp hiss was heard from her nether regions. It took every ounce of strength Catwoman’s pelvis had to shut off the tap. The crotch of Catwoman’s suit was already wet with piss. This was her second leak, and she feared the next would be her downfall.

\“That’s it, I can’t take it,” hands in the crotch, Catwoman began to hobble away, her tail swishing like a whip behind her. Catwoman constantly stumbled over her high heel boots, but she forced herself to go on.

“Where are you going?” A desperate supergirl challenged.

“Where do you think?!? To pee!” cried Catwoman.

“Pee where?” asked She-Hulk, her eyes brimming with anticipation.

Catwoman said one simple word… “Outside.” And this simple word had all of Catwoman’s friends race after her, charging like a team of bulls toward the backdoor to Supergirl’s sister’s backyard.

Catwomen threw open the sliding glass door and the four women sped across the threshold into the dark night. They ran with the speed of dogs finally being let outside after their owner gets home after a long day. Four boiling bags of broth bubbled below the stars, bouncing as the heroines ran through the night.

The blaring of music and laughter became fainter and fainter as the four friends picked up speed and rushed away from the party and to the edge of Supergirl’s sister’s backyard. They rounded the pool, the very sight of its crystal clear waters damaging their bladders, and now they stood at the back fence.

At the fence, the group jumped and squirmed and wiggled, struggling to remove layer after layer of their costume.

Catwoman - just as Batgirl warned her of - was forced to unzip her entire costume. Catwoman, keeping one hand fastened to her trembling labia, yanked the zipper down the length of the black costume, freeing her giant DD breasts from their sweaty imprisonment. Bit by bit, the zipper came down, and finally,

Catwoman’s navel was freed and then was her pussy. Her zippy was now pulled down as far as it would go. Catwoman tugged the two flaps of the suit to the sides, allowing her hanging labia to fall free.

She-Hulk was forced to do a shuffle knee jiggle as she used her gloved hands to tear her purple and white bodysuit down from her neck and down her waist, allowing it to fall into a pile at her feet.

Supergirl had it the easiest, she simply had to pull her pink panties to the side and lift her skirt slightly.

Batgirl rapidly unbuckled her belt and unzipped her jeans. Her hairless pussy licked the wind. Batgirl held her aching labia with two fingers and aimed between the hole created by her undone zipper.

Together, the four heroes let go of the pressure. Catwoman unrolled her tongue and sighed, “Phew…” She-Hulk panted and breathed heavily. Supergirl hung her head and drooled. And Batgirl smiled and laughed. Batgirl’s laughter made the others begin to crack up. There was absolutely nothing like emptying a bursting full bladder. The entire group was cackling and chortling. Suddenly, a loud blast from Supergirl’s anus caused the entire group to laugh so hard, they literally felt ready to explode with a different sensation.

“Y… Y… Y… You f… Farted!” She-Hulk wailed through laughs.

“I… I know…” Supergirl howled.

The four women laughed, spraying the fence with all their might. The brown fence went a quick shade of chocolate color, almost black, as four all-powerful hoses wet the fence A strong scent of ripe urine filled the air. The four women were shaking so much from laughter, their pee streams rocketed this way and that, and the entire fence was soaked in wet warm bladder water.

“She-Hulk, Catwoman,” laughed Supergirl. “No undergarments? N… No b… Bras, panties, nothing?” Supergirl’s words were separated with laughs.

“Nope,” She-Hulk replied joyously.

“Goin’ commando, bro,” cried Catwoman, as proud as could be.

“I’M NOT WEARING UNDERWEAR EITHER!!!” Batgirl bellowed, shooting a fist into the dark October sky.

Everyone laughed extra hard at this confession.

“Y… You’re the o… The o… The odd one out, Supergirl,” Catwoman chuckled like crazy.

Supergirl suddenly felt self-conscious that she decided to wear both a bra and underwear to the Halloween party. And this self-consciousness only made Supergirl - for some reason - laugh twice as hard.

Batgirl didn’t know if it was the beer or the exhilaration of releasing a bat cave full of piss, but she felt her mind go numb with elation, as though she had tiny sparkles fluttering around her head, forcing all the world’s sadness to leave her body. Batgirl wasn’t entirely sure if it was her shaking drunk laugh that did it, or if she did it intentionally without thinking, but Batgirl turned and splashed She-Hulk across the leg with a wave of fresh hot urine.

She-Hulk’s laugh immediately ended. She looked down at the dripping of Batgirl’s pee down her green muscular leg. The driblets rolled down each muscle, forming small rivers before landing in the grass below.

Upon seeing her friend’s shocked and revolted expression, Batgirl instantly regretted her actions. But before she had a chance to apologize, She-Hulk rounded on Batgirl, picked her labia up even higher, and blasted Batgirl across the chest with her urine.

Instead of getting angry, Batgirl found herself turned on as her friend’s urine cascaded down the front of her bat shirt. Unable to contain herself, Batgirl lifted her shirt and pulled it down, allowing two D-sized lumps of fat to fall downward. Batgirl’s nipples were hard from the cold of the autumn evening.

“Do that again,” Batgirl dared, her breasts now exposed. “I… D… Dare you… Dud… Eee…” Batgirl’s brain seemed to shut off at this point.

She-Hulk fired a monster stream directly onto Batgirl, soaking her with warmth.

“Me next, me next, me next!” Supergirl jumped up and down, causing her stream to fly high and fall down the length of the fence repetitively.

She-Hulk spun around, spraying cups worth of alcoholic drink all over Supergirl’s bare four-pack abs. Laughing, Supergirl didn’t even realize she was peeing all over her boots. Wanting to join in, Catwoman turned and fired a spray into Supergirl’s golden hair, causing it to become flat and lay in a sheet over her head. Supergirl could feel Catwoman’s burning hot liquid roll down her neck, steaming up her pores. In retaliation, Supergirl took a shot at She-Hulk’s face, but She-Hulk dove out of the way. Instead, Supergirl blasted Batgirl across her happy facial features. The piss stream soaked Batgirl’s mask and even briefly burned her eyes. Batgirl’s mouth tumbled open, pee droplets leaking down the sides of her face, falling onto her gargantuan breasts, even rolling down her cleavage.

Supergirl began to think she went too far. She allowed her stream to fall back into the grass. Looking up into Batgirl’s permanent gasping face, Supergirl contemplated whether to apologize or not.

Rather, “Oh, you’re gonna get it,” Batgirl exclaimed.

She-Hulk crouched behind a bush. Her pee hole stung as she forced her body to withhold her delicious urination. She-Hulk kept eyes on Supergirl who was hiding behind a tree. Supergirl sprang from hiding and held up her pussy. She-Hulk jumped back, barely avoiding the squirt of Supergirl’s bodily fluid. She-Hulk didn’t even realize until too late that Catwoman was standing right behind her and began spraying hot piss all over She-Hulk’s green butt.

“Wow! You even painted your pussy green,” Catwoman realized. “Respect!”

“Hey, I’m committed,” She-Hulk said proudly. “Now get back here you!” Catwoman ran away, laughing with She-Hulk in pursuit, squirting jet after jet or wee after her prey.

Supergirl - feeling a dangerous presence - quickly spun around and sprayed. Batgirl sprayed. The two pee streams flew across the yard until they connected. Supergirl and Batgirl’s pee streams met in midair. Each stream interlocked with the other, sending a multitude of smaller sprays into the lawn.

Supergirl grunted and pushed harder, giving her stream more power. Supergirl’s pee stream moved closer and closer to Batgirl, only held back by Batgirl’s stream. Batgirl pushed down harder as well, causing her own stream to grow in width and power. Batgirl’s stream forced Supergirl’s stream to retreat a few inches. The two heroines pushed down even harder. Both of their streams pushed the other back. The connected streams of urine each took turns growing in power and attacking the other.

Finally, when Supergirl realized she could no longer push any harder down on her pelvis without harming herself, she intentionally broke her stream away from Batgirl’s. Supergirl leaped back, allowing Batgirl’s fifteen-foot-long stream to spray the grass. Supergirl pulled her pussy high, allowing her stream to climb forty feet in the air. Batgirl reclined her head, looking to the stars, curious as to where Supergirl’s stream would land.

Getting her answer, Supergirl’s high pee crashed down on Batgirl, soaking the top of her mask and filling her hair with liquid waste.

Catwoman and She-Hulk ran back over. She-Hulk squirted a foamy stream all over Batgirl’s bare breasts. Batgirl felt her nipples turn into shards of glass. Yelping, Batgirl fired back at She-Hulk. She-Hulk - who took off her body suit altogether - got a blast of Batgirl’s tinkle all over her naked green pussy lips.

Pounding her chest, She-Hulk cried, “She-Hulk PEEEEE!!!” and gave all of her energy into soaking Batgirl head to toe.

Meanwhile, Supergirl let loose a heavy torrent of beer-flavored urine. Catwoman ducked, avoiding the spray. Coming back up, Catwoman sprayed Supergirl so hard in the belly button, that Supergirl stumbled a few feet backward, her navel now a swimming pool of pee.

Catwoman advanced, grabbed Supergirl, and forced her into a kneeling position. Catwoman then stood over Supergirl. Catwoman lifted her leg and let out a dramatic sigh of relief as an intense river of wee flowed down Supergirl’s head and soaked her costume in gray spots.

She-Hulk, meanwhile, peed so high up, her urine flew in an arch over the entire house and crashed down over Catwoman and Supergirl’s heads.

The four women ran around, filling each other’s bodies up with hot piss. And no one inside the party was any wiser.

Explaining why they were soaking wet was no problem. After half an hour of having the most vicious pee fight any of them had ever experienced, the four girls went back inside and simply told people they fell into the pool. The smell was harder to excuse. They just said they threw up outside. Supergirl’s sister was displeased with this news, but she didn’t make a huge deal about it.

After their Halloween adventure, no one on this team could deny that this pee fight was perhaps the best experience any of them had ever had. Not wishing to give this up any time soon, the four women moved on to several new pee-related activities.

First up was good old-fashioned public urination. The four ladies - still dressed as Marvel/DC - stood in a single file line with their backs to the street and their faces towards a brick wall of an office building where She-Hulk works.

The group of heroines faced the wall and got ready to empty. Catwoman unzipped the front half of her costume, once again showing her large tities to the world. Supergirl lifted her skirt and moved aside her panties. She-Hulk had her uniform in a ball at her ankles, flashing the passing cars her muscled buttocks. And Batgirl had her pussy pointed past her jeans’ fly.

The four women began to pee, dousing the wall of bricks in a shower of gold. The reddish pink bricks became reddish gray, courtesy of the heroines’ pee rivers. Cars speed past behind them. As pedestrians passed this area, they picked up their heads, eyeing the urinating women, then continued on the way.

One man stopped to ask what they were doing.

Giggling, Catwoman replied, “Marking our territory!” That only made the others break into a fit of laughs. The man quickly walked away.

Laughing even more, Batgirl said, “Hey, look how far up I can pee,” Batgirl twisted her fingers, allowing her pussy lips to aim higher. Batgirl’s stream shot up twenty feet, making it's way closer to the top of the twenty-story office building.

“That’s nothing compared to this!” Supergirl pulled her pussy up as well, firing a thick layer of liquid waste as far as eighty feet up the wall.

“Ppew,” Catwoman furrowed her lips like a horse. “Watch how it’s done, girls.” Catwoman also aimed her cooch higher and her urine stream quickly climbed one hundred feet into the air, far surpassing Batgirl’s.

“Nice! I'll give you that. But check this out,” She-Hulk sprayed with all her might and her stream shot several feet over the roof of the office building.

The others whooped and cheered for She-Hulk.

“Yep, I may have the smallest bladder, but I got the highest stream,” She-Hulk said proudly.

The ladies began to move their streams as far up the wall as they could, laughing as they competed with each other in a pee height contest. The streams shot higher and higher past the bricks, drenching everything below them in gray wet spots.

It took nearly an hour for all four bladders to drain.

There were now four large wet spots on the wall. Towards the bottom of the wall, all of these wet spots were connected to the others. They looked kind of like the hills in the background of Super Mario Brothers.

The four stood back to admire their artistic work. Nodding in satisfaction, they quickly began discussing the next naughty urination act they would do.

Soon enough winter arrived and with it, the first snowfall. Unable to believe their luck, the four heroines got into their costumes, downed as much water as they could stomach, and sped to the park which now was tucked in a blanket of icy crystals.

Stomping through the frozen fields, passing several park visitors, the gang found a lovely spot with level snow banks, and best of all, it was right out in the open so all would be forced to witness this event.

She-Hulk let out a soft yelp as she tugged her suit down to her ankles. “It’s cold out,” she complained.

Giving her green friend a playful swat on her bare rump, Supergirl replied, “It’s December. That’s December’s job to make us cold and miserable.”

“Pss, everyone’s looking,” Batgirl whispered, excitement flooding her mind.

All the eyes of all passersby were fixed on the four women dressed as Marvel and DC heroines. Everyone glared at the group as they watched She-Hulk flash her butt and Catwoman unzip the front of her uniform, allowing her big beautiful breasts to fall free to the world. Supergirl was lifting her skirt all while doing a desperate jig with her knees. Supergirl may have gone a little overboard with the fluids and now her bladder felt like it was home to the world’s sea life.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee,” Supergirl gave the sexiest moan as she lightly tugged her panties out of the way, allowing her labia to freeze from the December air.

Between the desperate dancing and the half-naked women and the costumes, it was safe to say that everyone in the entire area had their attention fixed on Supergirl, Batgirl, She-Hulk, and Catwoman.

“Okay,” Catwoman huffed, clasping her genitalia and pulling them up. “Let’s pee.”

What came next was four powerful jets of incredibly yellow urine. The four ladies had taken extra care to spend the past few weeks eating many vitamins in order to make their pee stand out among the snowy landscape. And now, their wee was neon yellow.

All four heroines maneuvered their bodies, moving their hips, lifting their pussies up, pulling their pussies down, and moving their pussies to the side. Each woman made her own lines of pee in the snow. Their urine burned into the snow, steam rising from the ground, a bridge created between the connection of frozen water and boiling water waste. The women made line after line, the entire crowd watching in both shock and amazement as each stroke of their vulvas brought to life another piece of the image that was slowly forming.

Each woman worked side by side, each doing her part, each one creating a piece of the piss portrait. Lines came into focus and curves trailed across the body of the snow bank.

Finally, the picture was complete. The quartet pulled back and admired what they had done. Laying below them in the snow was a breathtaking drawing done entirely of pee. The drawing depicted She-Hulk, Batgirl, Catwoman, and Supergirl going up against a giant toilet monster. The toilet monster had an angry face which was shown on the front of the toilet tank. It even had arms it was using to attack the city. Water splashed over the edge of the bowl. Buildings drawn with urine were in the background. She-Hulk stood on the rim of the toilet, tearing apart the seat. Supergirl was flying overhead, blasting the top of the toilet tank with heat vision. Batgirl was wrestling the flusher which moved up and down, Batgirl holding on for dear life. And then there was Catwoman who was frozen in the air, her foot sticking outwards, prepared to kick the toilet monster in its face.

“We call it, ‘Toilet Time’,” Catwoman told the crowd.

“And we drew it to symbolize our hatred for the toilet,” Batgirl added. “We shall never use the potty again!”

“Hey, girls, we forgot to sign our names!” She-Hulk realized.

And so, each woman took a position on the four corners of their masterpiece and went back to maneuvering their hips around, spelling out their names. Supergirl was in the top right corner, She-Hulk in the top left, Catwoman in the bottom right, and Batgirl bottom left. The four women pulled their pussies in all directions, allowing powerful jets of tinkle to spray into the snow, spelling letter by letter the names of the four superheroines.

The names were plastered into the snow. Neon yellow liquid had burned into the flat snowbank, forming a giant mural made entirely of human waste.

“Well, that’s a bit better,” said She-Hulk, shaking off the remaining drops of her pussy’s tears.

“I know what you mean,” Supergirl said, resuming her desperate dance. Supergirl’s face was bright red with heat, she clutched her genitalia in both hands and hopped up and down in the snow at rapid speed. Supergirl had so much water, even after peeing her entire name and one-fourth of the picture, Supergirl only felt twice as desperate as when she started.

“I could go with a piddle as well,” Batgirl said, finishing up her cursive L.

So, the four women moved to another snow bank (so as to preserve their artwork) and together, they continued to void their bursting bladders into the snow-covered earth. The four women sighed in bliss. The crowd continued to watch them in awe. This time, the heroines paid no attention to where they peed. They simply peed. They peed it all out into the bank. In a matter of minutes, the four had peed so much, the entire snow bank was completely and utterly melted. The sides of the snow bank were covered in bright yellow snow. The hole in the center of the bank grew until one could fit a food truck in the now-exposed icy grass. Even the ice on the grass was mostly melted from the heat generated by the urine of four full-bladder heroines.

Still not satisfied with their needs, the four moved onto yet another fresh snowbank and decorated this snowbank with pictures of Christmas. She-Hulk drew Santa flying in his sleigh pulled by eight reindeer. Batgirl drew a large Christmas tree complete with presents underneath. Supergirl drew a snowman holding a Christmas present. And Catwoman sketched Santa Claus squeezing down a chimney.

Still having some left in their tanks, the heroines began to practice spelling their names in the snow. Name after name, scribble after scribble, the four placed their names into the white powder with their bladders’ contents. Soon, the entire snow bank was covered in golden sets of letters spelling ‘She-Hulk’, ‘Catwoman’, ‘Batgirl’, and ‘Supergirl’ over and over in the snow.

It was at this point that She-Hulk’s bladder ran dry. Not wanting to continue without their friend, the others finished up into yet another snow bank. Once again, they peed freely, allowing it all to flow wherever they wished. Catwoman ended up completely empty only a couple of moments later. Batgirl followed suit after five more minutes of free peeing. Supergirl, however, having drank over six gallons of water ended up spending two more hours of a straight gush.

Crowds had gathered around to observe the pictures the heroines drew into the snow. Some people even flashed photos. Many were also impressed by Supergirl’s lengthy urination. Supergirl peed for so long, that at one point, She-Hulk had to go again and joined her friend in weeing into the snow.

When it was all over, the heroines made sure to take their own photos of their artwork and even the colossal meteorite-sized holes they imprinted into the winter’s dust. They never wanted to forget this moment!

*030*2023-03-24 22:36

Madison and June carefully navigated the crowd. Countless people were gathered. Many of them were discussing the future events about to take place, and many of them were hydrating and signing up at the front table. The sun was extra hot today. June could feel every inch of her body sweat. June had never been too good with the heat. June often found herself wishing for an endless winter.

“Next,” called the woman at the front.

Ignoring the sun’s powerful rays, June followed Madison to the front table. Sitting there were three people, each with their own lines of contestants ready to be checked in.

“Names?’ the lady asked.

“I’m Madison and this is June,” Madison said.

The woman scribbled some markings onto her sheet of paper. “Ready for the race today?” The lady made conversation.

“Sure am! We’ve been training for months!” Madison cried.

“Excellent. I wish you both the best of luck,” the lady looked up at the duo once more. Pointing her pen off to the side, she said, “There is a table over there filled with water. Make sure to hydrate. There will naturally be water breaks during the race itself, of course. The race doesn’t start for another four hours, so please just hydrate, relax, and socialize with your fellow contestants.”

Madison and June thanked the woman and made their way over to the water table.

June felt the dullest of urges in her pelvis, reminding her that she has yet to drain her morning bladder. She meant to but got distracted when Madison came over and she has not yet urinated today.

This urge to micturate June currently had, was one of the smallest she has ever experienced. Even standing still, she could easily forget about her urge. And so she did.

Not to mention, June was far too preoccupied with her boiling skin, she could not concentrate on anything other than her dry mouth. June quickly snatched up a tall two-liter bottle of water and began to pour it down her mouth. June’s aim was awfully sloppy. June’s tongue lapped up water while the flow crashed down over her lower face. Streams of water flew in all directions, some landing in the grass, many landing on June’s chin and shirt. June could feel her mouth once again turn moist. It was the most glorious feeling to hydrate when one needs it the most.

“Wow,” Madison gasped. “That’s a lot of water.” Madison picked up a normal sixteen-ounce bottle of water and cracked it open. “You thirsty?”

June didn’t reply right away. She was far too busy chugging water. Eventually, June lowered her half-empty water jug. Water tumbled from June’s lips and splashed her shirt turning it see-through so the outline of her sports bra was showing. Panting from that long drink, June said, “I… I… I hate this… Heat…”

“I can tell,” Madison said before taking a long glug of water herself. June sat on the grass and went back to chugging water.

Hours slowly passed. June and Madison continued to down water. They also took the advice of the woman at the front and began to socialize with their competitors.

Madison made the acquaintance of a woman by the name of Jaelynn. As both women sipped water, Jaelynn asked Madison if she was confident in her abilities for this upcoming marathon.

“I certainly am!” Madison replied. “My friend June and I have been training for months now. We can both complete this track in our sleep!”

‘Good for you,” Jaelynn lifted her water bottle into the air as though she were making a toast. Some water splashed over the rim of the bottle and ran into the earth below. “I’m honestly a bit nervous,” Jaelynn admitted. “Twenty-one kilometers is honestly kind of a lot for me. I can keep a constant pace for ten, maybe fifteen kilometers, but after that, I begin to tire out.”

“Well, there will be water breaks. Maybe when you take said break and stop running you can regain some strength to complete the rest of the race,” Madison suggested.

“I sure hope so,” Jaelynn replied.

Madison took another long sip and ended up finishing her twenty-fifth sixteen-ounce water bottle. Madison suddenly felt a sharp twitch above her vulva that made her throw her legs together. “Hey,” Madison said. “By any chance, do you know where the ladies’ room is?”

“Sorry, they’re locked,” Jaelynn replied. “Someone accidentally flushed one of the marathon schedules down the pipes and there was a clog and a flood, it was a whole thing.”

Madison felt a knot of worry tie up her insides.

Upon seeing this, Jaelynn added, “You could probably find someplace in the woods to pee.”

“Thanks,” and Madison made a sprint for the woods.

Meanwhile, June finished her eighth two-liter water bottle. June had been so distracted with hydration, that she hardly ever noticed her bodily need growing and growing. But now with six liters of water swimming around inside her pelvis, June felt like she was going to burst open.

Searching for a bathroom proved to be useless. June had no clue where the restroom was and whenever she asked someone, they didn’t know either. One woman told her just to pee in the woods outside the race track.

Knowing these liquids would not stay in place for long, June began to hobble down to the closest brush of trees. June was pretty pissed with herself for drinking so much water. But what was she supposed to do? Dehydrate? If she was going to win this race, she needed all the hydration she could handle. June was nearing the tree line when she spotted a woman with her back to June. The woman faced a white spruce tree and she had her gaze down. June was able to identify this woman’s body language. She was peeing!

June found herself dancing up to the urinating lady. Forcing herself to stand still, June said, “Hey.”

The woman turned her head. “Hey,” she said. The woman looked back down, focusing her stream onto the lower half of the tree trunk. June could see clearly as the woman’s urine stream shot through the fly of her pants and landed on the bark, making it turn gray and wet. The soft hissing sound was too much for June’s bladder to bear.

“Couldn’t find the bathroom either?” June was unable to resist the urge to lift one of her legs and tie it around her crotch for support.

“Nah, I hear it flooded,” the peeing woman said. That single word made June ready to flood her jeans. Looking back over at a squirming June, the woman grinned and said, “Had too much water?”

“That’s an understatement,” moaned June. “My name’s June, by the way.”

“Francesca,” the woman nodded, turning back to her glimmering river of gold.

“So, you ready for the race?” June asked.

“Oh, I’m not in the race,” Francesca said. “I’m just a spectator. I’m excited to watch the race if that’s what you mean.”

“Okay, I’m actually racing,” June mentioned. “Maybe you’ll see me out there.”

“I hope so!” Francesca’s river dribbled to a halt. After shaking off her pussy, Francesca zipped up, clapped June on the shoulder, and said, “It’s all yours.” With that, Francesca walked off.

Unable to believe her luck, June rushed up to face the bark of the tree. This forest was huge, granted, June could have just found another tree to water, but she felt uncomfortable breaking away from the nice conversation she just had with Francesca. June has always had a problem with stopping a conversation. She doesn’t want to seem rude. But when Francesca walked away and silently offered her tree to June, June was all too eager to take it.

Francesa just peed on this tree, and now it was June’s turn.

Just as June was unzipping, her mind wild with relief, a voice called from behind, “June! June!”

June grunted and reluctantly zipped up again. Just like Francesca, she didn’t want to be rude and ignore whoever was calling her. Turning around, June found Madison behind her. Madison had one foot pressed deep into the crotch of her jeans and she was busy hopping up and down on the other foot. June noticed Madison’s stomach puffed out like a basketball. June’s belly was also heavily inflated. June’s internal water pressure was seriously beginning to hurt.

“I thought that was you. I recognized the back of your head,” Madison said. “No wonder you’re bursting,” Madison added this next part after taking note of

June’s desperate movements as well as her round stomach bulge. “You drank a lot of liquid!”

“Sixteen liters,” June pressed her thighs together and bounced up and down on the balls of her feet, her hands constantly slapping her sides.

“Wow! I had like twelve liters and I thought that was bad,” Madison laughed. “I can’t believe we haven’t peed in four hours.”

“I haven’t peed all day,” June bit her lip.

“Really?” Madison cried.

June nodded painfully.

“That is a lot of water in our systems,” Madison realized.

“Talk later, pee now,” June pleaded, kicking herself for being so rude.

“Agreed,” Madison said.

And just as the duo prepared to rush to a couple of trees, the unthinkable happened.

“Contestants,” called a man with a megaphone. “To the starting line! The marathon is about to begin.”

June and Madison found themselves standing before the starting line, squirming wildly as bottles upon bottles of water collected in their piss bags. The two women had bulges stretching out to China. How on earth would they be able to complete this race? They could barely walk in this condition let alone run!

But June and Madison have trained for this event for months. They couldn’t let a couple of uncomfortable bladders ruin this marathon for them.

“Maybe if we didn’t have so many layers pressing down on us,” Madison groaned, holding her stretched belly like one would hold a newborn kitten.

June continuously bent her knees up and down. “Let’s take some of those irritating layers off,” she said, beginning to pull down her jeans.

“What? Get pantsless right here?” Madison asked.

“What, you scared?” June giggled.

Madison couldn’t help but laugh. The laugh spun her bladder around and around like one of those gimbals that astronauts train in. Madison quickly began pulling down her elastic pants.

They didn’t stop there. The women also stripped themselves of their restrictive panties. In the dirt lay a pile of pants and underwear belonging to Madison and June. Now the two women stood bottomless, squirming before the race track. June and Madison - despite being best friends - had completely opposite preferences for how to keep their pubic hair. June’s pubes were completely clean-shaven, not a scrap of hair anywhere to be found. Madison meanwhile had an entire jungle of black hair covering every square inch of her pubic region. Madison’s pussy had so much hair, you could hardly even see her skin. Madison’s labia had long dangling inner lips, far extended past the outer lips. Ironically, by sheer chance, June had the opposite where her outer lips were completely covering her inner lips.

Just getting that small amount of pressure off helped the duo feel loads better. Now their bladders were free to jump out as far as they pleased with absolutely zero restrictions. It felt awfully good just to have giant steamy hot piss balloons waving around without any care.

Madison groped her labia and gave it the hardest squeeze of her life. June, meanwhile, clutched herself and jumped from foot to foot with her knees extended outwards.

Many of the other races as well as the spectators looked on at the two half-naked women with astonishment and confusion. Even the man with the megaphone couldn’t help but stare at the two semi-nude, bathroom-dancing ladies. All of this attention only made June and Madison giggle even more under their breaths. While they may not have expected things to happen exactly like this, they had gone into this event hoping they would attract attention. Now they just had to win. But the thought of running on such full bladders was still awfully frightening to the desperate women.

That’s when an idea clicked in Madison’s brain. “June,” Madison whispered over her giggle fit. “I… I have an idea… Just follow my lead…”

“K…” June snickered, feeling her bladder shake like the tail of a rattlesnake.

“Okay, this marathon is thirteen point one miles or twenty-one point one kilometers,” the man with the megaphone called. “There will be plenty of water breaks. The first to cross the finish line wins. So, get set… GO!” When he said that word, all June thought was, ‘yes, yes, I want to let it go!’

A second guy fired a bullet into the air. The loud pang sound jolted the two full bladders making them quiver between June and Madison’s rib cages.

As soon as the shot went off and the other guy called go, the races took off. Twelve women dashed over the dirt path, charging forward. June and Madison rushed after them. The crowd bellowed with cheers. June and Madison could feel all eyes were on them in particular. It wasn’t every day that two bursting-bladdered, half-naked gals compete in a marathon. But today was that day.

As they ran along the dirt trail, June could feel her heavy bladder dragging behind her on the ground. Each step was chaos for the tinkle bomb she was carrying.

“BATHROOM!” June bellowed, not caring who heard her. She had her hands clamped to her pussy as she stumbled around like a three-legged cheetah. “I MUST PISS! Madison,” June had tears in her eyes as the pressure grew to unbelievable proportions. “I have not gone all day… And sixteen liters of water… What’s your plan?”

“We pee,” Madison replied.

June was certain she misheard. Yes, the problem was they couldn’t pee. What were they supposed to do about it? Just then, a fountain emerged from Madison’s wrinkly lips. A ten-foot-tall geyser spanned across the sky, arched high up, and landed back down, coating Madison in her own juices. The crowd became silent as they watched this insane scene play out.

Madison looked so relieved. June understood the point. While it did seem a bit naughty to do it right here in front of so many on the race track, June did as told and followed in her friend’s lead. June placed two fingers on either side of her pussy and aimed upwards. A second hose of pee fled from June’s locked-up labia. June’s muscles untensed and a geyser twice as tall as Madison’s shot into the clouds and then rained back down, covering both women in urine.

June’s stream was as clear as water. Makes sense after all she drank. One would not even be able to tell this was pee! There was no yellow composition whatsoever in June’s urine. Just transparency. Madison’s urine meanwhile had a very small hint of yellow, but just like June’s, it was mostly as clear as ice.

The two women - realizing they were getting distracted and falling behind - quickly picked up the pace. The other contestants slowly noticed the two gushing ladies and this caused them to hesitate and stagger on the track, losing their pace. June and Madison waved as they sped past every single woman on the race track.

It didn’t take long for their competition to regain their senses and pound across the race track after the pissing duo.

June and Madison could feel the warmth of their pee trickle all over them. They were getting covered in twin geysers of bubbling urine. June could feel herself breaking out in sweat again. She could not wait for her urine to cool down. Hopefully, then she wouldn’t be so hot.

Twin geysers of pee flew across the race track, one following June and the other following Madison as their feet slapped the track and then jumped forward. The two were making great progress. They maintained the speed of their feet as well as the speed of their streams.

June and Madison were still far ahead of the other women, but they were quickly catching up. As one of the women made to pass Madison and June, Madison twisted her body around like silly putty and squirted the woman with a heavy stream of urine. The woman screamed and fell back. June and Madison cackled with glee.

It had been half an hour now and June and Madison were still in the lead. Every time another racer attempted to surpass them, they sprayed her with kidney juice. Golden rain continued to fall all along the race track. June and Madison suspected that the other racers were staying behind them intentionally, probably waiting for their streams to stop so they could once again take the lead.

June and Madison made a silent agreement that they would have to be careful. In order to win this race, they would not only have to keep a nice even pace, but they would also have to pee slowly and casually. If they emptied their bladders all at once, they would have nothing left to use to keep the other racers at bay.

It has been thirty minutes now and the two were still going strong. They were far ahead of the other marathoners and their bladders were still in the process of voiding.

Madison suddenly had an awful feeling in her stomach. Looking down, she quickly realized that her bulge was completely gone. Her pelvic region began to feel dryer and dryer by the minute.

“Uh, June,” Madison said nervously. “I hate to say it, but I can feel that my bladder is almost empty.”

Looking around, June couldn’t believe their luck. The first water break was coming up.

“Keep peeing, Madison, and don’t stop!” June called as she led the way up to the stand piled high with different-sized water bottles. “Chug!” June cried.

The two women continued to pee, their streams shooting into the blue sky far above their heads. The other racers were still a while away. June and Madison took this opportunity to drink and drink and drink. The two women completed the circuit. As they peed like elephants, they drank water like whales. They tossed empty bottle after empty bottle onto the track. The duo felt the race cars. They had to stop to refuel. But instead of gasoline, they added water back into their tanks.

June and Madison gulped down several liters of water apiece. Madison’s belly slowly began to puff outwards again. Her stream grew in velocity, but she quickly tensed her muscles, forcing them to only let out a weak stream past her sphincter. Rubbing her pee pouch, satisfied, Madison chugged her final two-liter water bottle and threw it behind her. Madison then took off and June followed. The two women left behind a pile of empty bottles. They ran down the race track, their bladders even more distended than when they started.

Thousands of mini streams of pee broke away from the two main ones and landed all over the dirt path. Madison and June were approaching the one-hour mark. They just passed a sign indicating that they had run for nine miles. Nine down, four to go!

The entire time, Madison and June’s streams stayed strong. They fired their piss over twenty feet in height. This caused their streams to splash the ground several feet behind them. Due to this, the crowd of fellow racers was forced to run even slower behind June and Madison. While the two heavily urinating women maintained the lead, their comrades were forced to stay behind them and dodge stray shots of pee.

June had made the decision to hang onto a water bottle while she ran along the track. This way, she could continue to sip it, add even more water to her bladder, and stay cool all at once. June’s water bottle became dry and June tossed the empty plastic container over her shoulder. One of their competitors let out a yelp as she tripped over the cylinder and landed in the dirt.

June and Madison just laughed even harder. They slapped each other a high-five.

The lead runners came to a second halt at a second water break station. They again downed several liters of water, filling their bladders immensely. Madison and June now carried bladders that were the size of cannon balls belonging to an old-fashioned pirate ship. Water streamed from in between their legs and filled the entire sky with waste products.

After Madison swallowed down ten extra liters and June inhaled another nine and a half, the two ran off, once again leaving behind a pile of water bottles as well as a half-empty water stand. Between Madison and June, the other competitors were left with half as much water that was originally put out.

Madison and June slurped down an extra water bottle each as they ran across the track. They passed the twelve-mile sign. This was it! They were in the home stretch and still, no one dared to even attempt to pass them.

Madison and June’s bulges bounced with every step they took. They could hear the jiggling of twin water drums pounding along the track. Their urine streams hit the tree tops and splashed the dirt behind them, turning it into fertile soil.

Two women tried to pass June and Madison, but June and Madison each sprayed one of them with a powerful jet of hydrated urine. The two women cried in horror as they were doused in June and Madison’s water. The two women quickly retreated, allowing themselves to fall back on the race track, June and Madison continuing to hold onto their lead positions.

As they came up to the third and final water station, the two glugged down as much water as their systems could manage. Madison and June had bladder bulges so far out, they brushed against the water table even when they stood three feet back. The two women were putting more water into their systems than they were letting out. But the race was nearly over and if June and Madison kept up their current strategy, they would surely win.

Bladders rock hard, empty bottles in a pile, piss flying as high as the crows in the sky, the two took off, ready to complete the final stretch of their run.

The finish line was in sight. After ninety minutes of racing along the trail, piss flaring all over the area, bladders jiggling like maracas, Madison, and June were only a few yards from winning the race.

After having completed a very long thirteen-mile circle, the racers were back where they started with a giant crowd and an announcer waiting for them on the other side of the finish line. Everyone’s gaze shifted to June and Madison, probably unable to believe they managed to keep their stream going for ninety minutes.

Just when victory was right in front of them, a voice called, “This is unfair! I am not letting you two pissers win this race!” It was Jaelynn, the woman Madison chatted with right before the race. Jaelynn was speeding forward so fast, you would have thought she was running on water.

Madison and June couldn’t help but sympathize with Jaelynn. Perhaps it was slightly unfair that they were using their built-up liquid gold as a weapon. But with the race in their hands, Madison and June ignored Jaelynn’s protests and kicked the dust behind them, sending their feet into overdrive.

They were almost there when Jaelynn did the unthinkable. She braced herself and then raced directly behind the peeing woman. Jaelynn charged straight up to them. In order to stop her, Madison and June both directed their all-powerful streams at Jaelynn. Jaelynn grunted and winced in disgust as two clear liquid streams caressed her skin and clothing. But Jaelynn handled the warm wet grossness of Madison and June’s bladder waters like a champ. Jaelynn readied herself to cross the finish line.

Glancing at one another, Madison and June hatched a brilliantly evil plan. June swung her hips and smashed her bulging bladder into Jaelynn’s thigh. Despite having been mid-urination for the past hour and a half, the two lead women still had boulder-like bladders. They were large and hard. Jaelynn shouted, her knees buckled as the weight of June’s bladder crashed into her. Jaelynn stumbled back long enough for Madison to stand in front of her. Madison guided her stream above Jaelynn’s head. Jaelynn looked up just in time to find a fifty-foot tall waterfall of gold crash into her eyeballs. Jaelynn cried in pain and Madison and June crossed the finish line together.

The crowd went wild. There were cheers and shouts and whistling.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” called the announcer. “In a surprising turn of events, we have two winners… MADISON AND JUNE! Having completed the race with the help of two large bladders.”

The crowd cheered even louder, but no one dared get closer for fear of ending up wet and dripping with piss. The other racers yelled and cursed about how this wasn’t fair.

“I still gotta go,” Madison said, as evidenced by her non-stop fifteen-foot-tall geyser that came from her cooch.

“Me too,” June said. “Let’s take a nice, long pee.”

And they did. The two women stood front and center with all eyes glued to them. The two women moaned as they allowed themselves to empty. Two geysers of piss zoomed out of their crotches, flying up to ten times their height. The pee then fell back from the heavens and battered down over June and Madison, dunking them in their victory juice. The two women just sighed and even giggled as their bodies became submerged in their own personal lemonade.

The crowd waited patiently for June and Madison to stop urinating. But after twenty minutes, the crowd became restless and began to chat amongst themselves. Then after forty-five minutes, most of the crowd had decided to leave altogether along with many of the racers. Everyone was silently annoyed at Madison and June’s peeing abilities. But hey, when you drink dozens of liters of water, even before your bladder becomes fully empty, this is the result!

June and Madison’s bladders were still very swollen by the time the sun began to set over the horizon. The announcer came up to the heavily pissing ladies.

“Hey, just wanted to give you girls your trophies. Good job today.” The announcer hesitated and then carefully set twin trophies down on the lawn, ten feet from June and Madison. “I’m… I’m just going to set them right… Right here…” The announcer then left.

Midnight rolled around and the owls cooed and the crickets chirped. The full moon reminded the giggly girls of how full their bladders used to be (and still are!)

At around one in the morning, Madison’s stream began to waver. Madison gave a push and her stream blasted from her cooch again, stronger than ever.

Tired of standing, June lay in the grass on her back, allowing her monster stream to shoot twenty-five feet above her body and cover her in warm liquid. At least it was finally nighttime, so June was much cooler. Madison soon decided to sit down on a log and enjoy the feeling of her bladder firing piss everywhere.

Madison and June both ended up falling asleep. By the time they woke up in the morning, they were still gushing hard. They wrapped up around noon.

Covered head to toe in cold urine, the ladies grabbed their trophies as well as their pants and underwear which still lay in a heap on the ground. The grass was watered with fresh morning dew as well as June and Madison’s fresh morning pee.

The duo got into Madison’s car and laughed and laughed. They admired their trophies which each resembled a woman speeding across the finish line. Their trophies even had their names imprinted on them. Madison and June quickly realized that drops of pee were rolling down the sides of their trophies. The trophy cups themselves were filled to the brim with a lake of urine. Given how far up into the atmosphere these two peed, it was no wonder they managed to fill up these trophies without even trying.

This certainly was one race that they would never forget! In fact, no one present at this race would ever forget. As they started their drive home, June and Madison decided they would leave the urine inside their trophies. The trophies were perfect the way they were. They symbolized not only Madison and June’s victory but Madison and June’s victory with the help of their full bladders and their incredible peeing heights.

*031*2023-03-25 22:45

Rena took one step after the other. She marched along the tiled floor with pose and confidence. She strutted down the hall. Heads turned, eyebrows lifted, but each shocked expression Rena brought filled her with that much more confidence.

Right now, Rena was sporting a completely see-through dark green garment which was simply an extra-large bra for her massive tits and crotchless panties which showed off her full hedge of pubes. Rena swung her cape around as she walked, whipping the sides of her cape out like a princess swings around jewelry.

Rena’s eyes landed on the ladies’ room sign. Rena walked straight through the door, passing below the hanging sign of a black stick-figure female in the middle of a potty dance. Rena could feel the eyes of several spectators follow her as she vanished into the ladies’ restroom, no doubt they wished to follow.

Rena rubbed her bladder which was bulging far past her caramel skin. Her large legs took one step followed by another. Her bare feet clapped the linoleum floor as she entered the washroom. The bathroom was packed with women seeking relief. Generally speaking, the ladies’ room moves quickly. But with so many women having the same needs at the same time, the bathroom can turn into an Ariana Grande concert hall.

The only stall was closed and the position of the feet under the door suggested that the woman inside was going number two. There were three urinals and each urinal had a woman standing in front of it, pussy lips in hand, relieving themselves. Standing behind said women, there was a line of four others ready to make their mark in the lavatory and leave.

The third woman in line was bouncing up and down every now and then. The second and fourth women in line were standing still, with absolutely no concerns. The second woman in line was even preoccupied with her Twitter on her cell phone. But it was the woman at the front of the line that immediately attracted Rena’s attention. The woman at the head of the line was busy grabbing her jeans, squeezing, shuffling her feet, crossing her legs out in front of her, holding her bloated stomach, anything and everything in her limited power to hold back the yellow sea. Bingo, Rena thought to herself.

As Rena entered, all eyes turned to the mostly naked woman. The only people who didn’t pay any attention to her were the three urinating as well as the most desperate of the line, Lady Number One. But the final three women in line all eyed Rena with amazement.

“Hey,” Rena approached the struggling woman.

The woman continued to keep her eyes glued to the urinals, clearly begging one of them to free up quickly. This lady refused to take her eyes off of the urinals for even a second. Rena imagined that the moment one of them became available, she would sprint up to the bowl and hiss her much-needed piss. But as long as Rena was here, that wasn’t going to happen. “Hey,” the lady managed, for the sole purpose of being respectful.

“You have to wee?” Rena asked in her most teasing voice.

“That’s an understatement,” moaned the head woman in line, jiggling her knees.

“Yeah, well, so do I. Just look,” Rena encouraged.

The woman did.

Rena ran her hand smoothly over her massively protruding bladder bulge.

“Wow!” the woman exclaimed. “It looks like half of a watermelon!”

“Oh, yeah, it’s really painful.” Rena looked to the ceiling as she giggled and rubbed her bulge.

Beginning to understand (or think she understood) Rena’s situation and reason for speaking to her, the lady desperately looked back and forth between the still-occupied urinals and Rena’s bulge. She looked back and forth, back and forth. Finally, she managed, “I’m so sorry, I have waited so, so long and I can’t wait anymore. I really can’t.” To prove her point, she crossed her shaking legs until the gap between them completely vanished. Her hands were covering her zipper and her entire body trembled as though she was set to vibrate. “Maybe the woman behind me will let you cut,” the lady suggested.

Rena just laughed, irritating her bubbling bladder further. “Oh, you misunderstand, my dear,” Rena playfully cupped the sweating woman’s cheek in her caramel hand. “I do not request to take your place in line.” Rena flipped her short black hair over her head, flashing the urgent woman a sexy gray-eyed smile.

“You… You don’t?”

“Of course not,” Rena replied softly. “I shall relieve myself where I stand.”

Before her new bathroom companion could ask any more questions, Rena simply spread her legs as though she was standing at the urinal. She spread her labia, her fingers brushing across her curly-haired jungle of pubes. Rena aimed upwards.

Before anyone could react or even understand what Rena was doing, the most powerful, most furious jet of clear urine rocketed from Rena’s pussy and blasted in between the women in line before finally smashing against the corner of the bathroom that separated the wall from the ceiling.

Rena’s pee arched sky high, ricocheting off the corner, and rebounding back toward the ground. Rena’s heavy stream split into several separate smaller streams. It was as if a golden rain cloud was on the ceiling. Hundreds of streams of golden rain splattered the entire bathroom.

Rena began to twirl in circles as though she was hula hooping. This caused her stream to spin around and around all over the walls, floor, and ceiling like a garden sprinkler. “Oh, yeah!” Rena moaned proudly, flashing her peeing hairy pussy to all. Rena felt drops roll down her outfit and soak her giant breasts. She proudly gave her exposed nipples a squeeze. Rena’s urine soaked the entire crowd. Every woman in the bathroom was quickly doused by Rena’s whirlwind spray.

Rena then curved her pussy so it was pointing upwards. Her stream redirected itself and fired against the ceiling directly above her. Rena’s piss stream split apart, and countless rivers of gold fell from the ceiling tiles, crushing the entire audience of females in need of relief as well as the ones who were relieving. The woman screamed and fled as the entire bathroom filled with a rain shower of Rena’s bladder water.

The only woman in line who had not yet left was the one who was the most desperate. She buckled and squirmed all about, grasping herself, huffing, and wailing in agony as she watched urine flow all around her. Rena could practically hear the ringing in her head as her bursting bladder was forced against its will to observe this torment.

The woman at the urinal quickly zipped and ran out.

“The urinals are free now,” Rena teased. “What’s it gonna be?”

The desperate lady eyed her place of relief. An entire wall filled with free urinals certainly must have looked enticing to such a desperate bladder. Of course, if she stayed, she would continue to get peed on. And she knew that too.

As she tried to decide, a falling stream of urine splashed the woman on her head. The urine rolled down her hair and onto her face. The leak seeped down her nose bridge. The woman was hunched like an elderly who lost their cane. Her hands were so far in her crotch, it looked as if they were cut off. The woman’s eyes bulged as she watched the stream of hot piss push its way across her nose.

“Here, I’ll help you decide,” Rena aimed her pussy forward. She bent her lips and curled her fingers so her hand was in the shape of an O. Her O-shaped fingers in her pussy, Rena guided her stream straight in front of her. A hose of hot piss splashed the lady directly in the bladder. The woman screamed and her pants became an ocean.

“No, no, no,” the woman broke into tears.

“Fuck yeah,” Rena moaned. “Nothing like a good piss, know what I’m saying?”

The woman fled the bathroom in tears, her bladder having given out. The woman ran away, covered in both Rena’s urine as well as her own.

Rena then turned her attention to the final target she had. Rena kicked the stall door open. Inside sat a lady, grunting over the bowl. The woman quickly got a face full of piss. Rena held her pussy high again so she sprayed the ten-foot tall ceiling. The ceiling broke apart Rena’s stream and showered the entire restroom in boiling gold.

The stall woman yanked up her pants and fled in terror. Rena continued to piss on the ceiling, feeling awfully good about herself.

Walking up and down the streets, Rena caressed her large bladder bulge. She hasn’t pissed in over twenty hours now. She was now patrolling the streets searching for some mischief to cause. That’s when she heard a noise. Two noises actually. The first was an unmistakable hiss of urine against brick. The second was twin sighs of relief.

Turning the corner, Rena found two women pointed against a brick wall, their pussies out, piss gushing from the folds of their labia. Both women sighed in bliss.

“That’s a relief,” one said to the other.

“Tell me about it. If I didn’t pee, I was gonna blow sky high,” the other snickered.

This gave Rena a delightful idea. Rena quickly got into character. She clasped both hands over her hair-covered pussy, holding one hand over the other. Rena squeezed tight and began to do a little jig. She hobbled over to the two women engaging in public urination. Rena hunched over, grasping herself, doing the most dramatic potty dance in the history of potty dances. Her massive bladder bulge certainly helped sell it.

Rena has a huge bladder and excellent control over it. Sure, holding back an entire day’s worth of pee was uncomfortable. Rena felt a constant pressure pressing down on her cooch. It was a pressure that made her well aware of her need to find a toilet or urinal. But with Rena’s huge captivity, she was far from the point of even needing to hold herself. But these women didn’t know that.

Rena went dancing out. She held, squeezed, hobbled, waddled, the whole shebang. She squirmed and stomped and marched and cried. The women took notice of this.

“E… E… Excuse… Me…” Rena managed through grit teeth. “I… I need a…”

“Oh, you want to join us?” The woman on the left took a step to the side to make room for Rena.

“Tha… Tha… Thank… You…” Still wearing her revealing uniform, Rena quickly removed her hands from her pussy and used them to aim. But the step that

Rena 'forgot’ was to face the building.

Out of Rena’s pussy came a puissant tide of piss. The river splashed the two women, soaking their legs in urine.

“Hey, watch it,” the woman on the left lifted her leg slightly, trying to get it out of Rena’s line of fire.

“Face the wall,” the other woman nodded to the bricks.

“Nah,” Rena replied. “I think I prefer peeing all over you gals.” Rena used her fingers to pull her urine stream as high up as possible. An arch of urine stretched several feet in the air. The curve of flying urine broke apart, raining many, many drops of piss all over the sidewalk and over the two women - both of whom were still mid-flow.

“Ahhhh…” Rena gave a soft look of cheesy joy. Her entire face tilted to the side and her eyes relaxed as though she was high on drugs. “That feels better,” Rena moaned, as her own stream rocketed past her face and flew as far up as the clouds before falling back down over the two women.

Rena reached down and groped the woman beside her, holding the woman's still-urinating vulva. "I love your pussy," Rena complimented, gently shoving her fingers down the lady's vaginal canal.

"Hey!" the woman pulled away, unintentionally dribbling all over her friend's shoe.

"Let's get outta here," the second woman struggled to stop her stream and ended up creating a mini wet spot as she handled her vulva back into her pants.

Rena tried to grab for the first woman's pussy again. But both women grunted in irritation, forced their streams to stop, and zipped up. The two women turned away. Their faces and arms were dripping with Rena’s golden liquid.

“Come on,” one said to the other. “Let’s go pee somewhere else.”

“Where you gals going?” Rena taunted, following after them. Rena kept her legs spread, allowing a wave of tinkle to shoot into the atmosphere and fill the air with many flows of urine crashing back to earth.

Grunting, one of the women snapped, “Leave us alone,” urine dripping from her chin.

The two women turned the corner and fled down the street. Rena rushed after them.

The two half-bladder-full women dodged pedestrians as they ran down the concrete sidewalk in a desperate attempt to get away from Rena and finish evacuating their bladders. Rena on the other hand was not so kind. She sprayed every person she passed on the streets. People yelled in annoyance as Rena took the time to douse all of them in her fluid. Rena even paused to pick her stream up and piss all over the top of a moving car. The driver honked and called her awful names, but that only reenergized her. Rena continued her pursuit of the two women who ducked in an alleyway. Rena sprayed so high into the air, the pee hissed down right onto their skulls, showering them in urine from twenty feet away.

The two women charged down the alley but quickly froze upon realizing it was a dead end. The women sped around, hoping to make it out of the alley before… Too late.

Rena stood, blocking the two women, urine running between her legs. “End of the line,” Rena smiled. “You gals ready for your golden shower? Just so you know… I had a lot of asparagus last night. So this is gonna be a stinky pee.” Rena pulled her labia up high and allowed gravity to do the rest.

Rena pushed with all her might, forcing her stream to grow in width until it was as wide as a dime. Rena’s stream once again arched fifteen feet in the air and cascaded down all over the two women, showering them in clear, ripe bladder fluid. While the women screamed and grunted in disgust, Rena just tilted her head back and sighed out her enjoyment.

*032*2023-03-26 00:10

May Zedong hesitated at her front door. Her hand extended to grab the knob, but at the last second it reiterated. She took a deep breath and grasped the silver knob. After a heartbeat hesitation, she yanked open the door and stepped outside.

All of the blood in May’s body rushed into her face, making her face go as red as paprika peppers. She self consciously pulled her purple hat lower so it covered most of her stringy red hair and even one of her eyes. May walked down the sidewalk, half blind as one eye was hidden by fabric. But through her one good eye, she could see all of the street’s pedestrians turn to look at her.

Perhaps this was a bad idea. No, May had planned this out carefully. She wasn’t going back now. She stood at the bus stop, waiting patiently, which was far more than she could say for her bladder. A sudden wave of urgency crashed into May like a missile fired into the ocean. The very notion of water splashing around, being misplaced by a heavy object was enough to make May squirt. Not having time to hold herself (and not wearing any pants), the trickle of fresh pee slid down May’s thighs.

May grabbed her red and white jacket and attempted to pull it lower. She wanted to go home. Everyone was looking at her vagina as well as her massive DDD breasts which hung loose and free over the top of her jacket.

May cursed herself for being such a baby. This is exactly what she wanted. She wanted everyone to see her naked!

‘You have planned this for months, May Zedong. You can do this!’ May thought to herself.

May’s knees jiggled. Her legs crossed. May could feel the dribble from before make its way down her legs and soak her feet. May held a hand over her throbbing pussy. She held herself, feeling the wetness of her genitalia. May closed her eyes and tried to ignore the rapidly growing sensation of three liters of water making their way through her kidneys.

“Have to pee, have to pee, have to pee,” May muttered aloud to herself, shifting her legs all around. May noticed a rather attractive man standing beside her. He looked up from his cell phone and eyed May. His eyes represented confusion as he tried to take in what he saw before him.

May smiled. She felt herself blush, but this time for a different reason. Having this man stare at her, gawk at her half naked desperation dance, May couldn’t help but feel more aroused than a man in a room full of triple D female models. May happily stroked her clean shaven pussy, enjoying this man’s eyes exploring her body.

The bus pulled to a stop before them. The doors slid open and the bus driver’s mouth dropped. It was a woman sitting behind the wheel and her eyes turned into a critic’s as they observed Picasso’s paintings. May rather enjoyed that look she was getting.

Without any further hesitation, May climbed onto the bus. The bus was mostly empty with the expectation of a few people. All of them stared at May as she walked down the aisle. May’s bladder was bursting from her skin. Her sphincter was under attack by so much fluid.

‘Just a little more bladder. We got this!’ May encouraged her potty organ.

May took a seat in the back of the bus. Once there, May began fanning her legs together. The pressure of her bladder was getting intense. May had secretly hoped that the attractive man at the bus stop would sit next to her. But instead, he took a seat in the front of the bus. Oh, well. Maybe he would notice her next move.

No one said a word. What could they say anyway? No one had any desire to call out May’s inappropriate nature. Speaking of nature, Mother Nature wasn’t going to wait much longer. May had to take a whiz!

May reached into the pocket of her jacket and removed her purple dildo. The penis shaped sex toy was still coated in wet lubrication from last night’s fun. It didn’t vibrate, but May still found this to be her favorite toy.

May placed the fake penis to her showing pussy and began to shove it in and out at rapid speed. “Oh, god!” May groaned aloud. Eyes turned to look at her.

That only aroused may even farther. May hammered the dildo in and out, in and out as fast as she could manage. Her clitoris was as stiff as a rock and her vagina was as wet as the sea. The sea! The sea!

“Don’t pee, don't pee, don’t pee. Don’t pee, don't pee, don’t pee.” May mouthed aloud to herself. Her whisper was just loud enough for others on the bus to hear. May’s excitement sky rocketed. She pinched her left nipple and began to twist it around and around like a knob that controls the lights. May was hornier than she ever thought possible. And her bladder was so swollen, she knew she would not last much longer.

May squeezed her legs together on the seat, pressing into her toy. May hissed through her lips. Her eyes were wild with delight. The pain was extraordinary. May hissed again. The pressure in her bladder grew to unimaginable proportions. She felt like she was wielding a city’s entire water tower inside her pelvis. She could feel her sphincter begin to give in. A squirt escaped. So did another. The seat below her was damp. May’s bladder was cracking under the pressure. She continuously jammed her dildo in and out, in and out. Another squirt out. Everyone was staring. Everyone was staring! Faster, faster! In, out, in out. She was wet. So wet. She tugged on her nipples. Her legs kicked the seat. She burst.

May’s wet toy flew from her hand and landed on the floor in front of her. May lay back in her seat, her eyes steaming with tears, sweat leaking down her face. A geyser shot forth from May’s pussy and smashed against the ceiling. May panted and sweat, still attempting to recover from that glorifying experience.

Everyone was staring as May’s piss splashed the ceiling and began to fall down, soaking the seats. May’s stream was the size of a nostril and when it hit the metal ceiling, it shattered into bits, spraying urine everywhere. The entire bus was soaked as were the passengers. Even the bus driver got hit. Everyone yelled and screamed and ducked for cover. As chaos ensued, May enjoyed the lovely feeling of two different types of relief.

May’s head hit the seat. She felt the leather below her become moist as her steam hit the ceiling and landed back down on her. May’s jacket was spotted. It looked as if May had been caught in the rainstorm of the century. May’s geyser blasted from her pussy, sounding more powerful than a faucet turn on high. The pressure of the pee was enough to dent the metal roof. Urine landed in the eyes, hair, and clothing of all of May’s fellow bus passengers. People cowered behind seats and each other, trying to escape May’s bladder’s wrath.

May had no clue why she had waited so long to do this. Public exposure is awesome!

*033*2023-03-27 22:53

Sabrina subtly grabbed her crotch below her sparkling half-skirt of pure gold. The skirt was slanted to the side, just barely covering Sabrina’s blazing hot pussy. As she bounced in her eight-inch golden heels, her large pile of snowy white hair bobbed up and down. So did her breasts which were exposed from her thin golden bra, just barely covering her giant nipples. Sabrina’s golden bracelets and necklace jingled like Christmas bells as she marched in place. Her fingers were subconsciously tracing a half-empty glass of champagne. After drinking down twelve of these, Sabrina’s bladder was rock hard. It didn’t help that she had skipped using the restroom before leaving her home. To make matters worse, now she had to pretend to listen to some boring story about her co-worker’s ski trip.

All around Sabrina, wealthy individuals moved about, gossiping, and sharing news of their rich and fancy lives. The grand hall alone was the size of the international space station. There were grand staircases leading to the upper floors. The floors were so shiny, they could have easily been a replacement for bathroom mirrors. Vases of flowers were arranged on all the pure white tablecloths. The water in these vases bubbled. Sabrina watched in agony as the bubbles of these vases rose to the top of the water and popped. Glasses of alcohol were stacked neatly into a pyramid. There was a fifteen-foot tall central fountain, spewing ice-cold water from the top, pouring down into the humongous pan of babbling liquid below.

Across the hall, there were dozens of expensive-looking men and women. They toasted their drinks and dumped them down their throats. The champagne of the glasses splashed and splattered in the glass as they flowed down the wealthy’s throats.

Sabrina clamped her muscles with all of her strength. If she was anywhere else, she would just pee. Who cares if someone sees? She has to go! She would just hiss away her worries, oblivious to the upset people around her. But here? She had to put on a show. She was around her fancy friends. She had to pretend like she cared about what they had to say. She had to act properly in front of them.

But right now, Sabrina’s bladder felt ready to explode like a whale’s blowhole. Sabrina stealthy jammed a hand under her skirt and stuffed it inside her pussy lips like a baster inside a turkey.

“So, the darling wife said, 'I'll have caviar with my croutons’,” the man who was speaking said and he laughed. Not really listening to him (unable to fully hear him over her screaming bladder) Sabrina suspected that she was required to laugh. But her bladder hurt so bad. She knew a laugh, even a fake laugh may be her downfall this evening. And if she weed here, in front of all these fancy schmancy people… She didn't;’t even want to think what would happen! But if she didn’t at least pretend to laugh, he would suspect something.

So, Sabrina forced a weak little laugh. It was the type of laugh given when you hear a joke at a funeral, but it was better than nothing.

The man frowned. “It wasn’t that funny,” he said. “Sabrina, are you alright? You appear to be in great pain?”

Apparently, Sabrina hadn’t been hiding her predicament as well as she had hoped. The sweat dotting her face like rain on a windshield surely helped give her away. “I’m fine,” Sabrina lied. “But Albert, my good sir, would you mind directing me to the nearest lavatory?” Sabrina closed her legs together. “I must powder my nose.”

“Ah, yes, of course,” Albert replied. “I believe it is down that way.” He pointed down a hall. “Or is it down that way?” Albert turned. He scratched his lower lip.

“Um, Mike!”

A second man appeared. “Yes?”

“Do you know which way the lavatory is?” Albert wondered.

“Hum? No, no I don’t,” Mike said. “I’ll ask the host.” And Mike walked off.

“Don’t worry, dear, we’ll find you a restroom,” Albert promised.

This situation was already embarrassing enough with everyone going on a grand hunt for the potty. Sabrina didn’t need Albert to reassure her that she would make it. Thankfully for her, he changed the subject and began talking about his brother’s boat. Not the best topic for the moment. Albert didn’t go into detail about the ocean (thank god), but all Sabrina could do as he spoke was imagine a boat speeding across the water. Hey, when people talk about a boat, only so many images come to mind.

Sabrina kept her legs sealed. She heard the rushing of the fountain in one ear, the chorus of slurping rich folk in the other, and the bubbling of water vases punching her in the gut. Sabrina could feel her will quickly giving out. She was never more relieved when the host finally appeared alongside Mike.

The host wore an elegant white dress that showed off her powerful breasts. She pointed Sabrina in the direction of the restroom. “Down the hall, seventh door on your left,” the host said. “By the way, between us ladies, I purchased a urinal a few years back. That’s right! A urinal for my home! You are free to use it.” The host sipped her champagne. She appeared rather giddy to Sabrina making her contemplate how many drinks the hostess had. But no time for that now. Sabrina needed a…

There was a leak. Sabrina’s eyes went wide as she heard the leak hit the sparkling clean floors. The floors were so shiny, there was no way no one would notice a puddle of urine sitting there. Sabrina picked a lousy day to go commando!

Sabrina didn’t wait for someone to discover the beginning of her accident. She turned and rushed down the hall. If only there weren’t so many snotty rich people here. She would just piss all over. But no, she needed a bathroom. But hey, at least she could use a urinal. One of the good things about the rich, is they have the strangest things in their homes, things they don’t need but have anyway.

The bad thing about the rich, their houses are so huge, it takes forever to get anywhere. Sabrina had to run, which was no easy feat in eight-inch heels. Sabrina flew along the shimmering hallways, her bursting bladder bulge pulling her toward the bathroom like a magnet to the fridge.

Sabrina stumbled several times in her heels, but she kept going. The hallway appeared to go on forever, just like one of those endless loop backdrops you see in cartoons. Sabrina knew she didn’t have long. That was the first squirt. The second would be on its way shortly. Why had she procrastinated tending to her bodily needs?

The stress was making her hair come undone. The champagne pounded her sphincter, eager for its release. Sabrina finally came to the seventh door, but a look of horror crossed her face when she saw a little red card above the door knob reading, ‘Occupied.’

Sabrina spit some words no dignified person would ever dare say. Keeping one hand in her labia and parading in place with her feet, she banged on the door with all of her knuckle’s strength.

“Occupied!” called a woman’s voice inside. Through the door, Sabrina could hear tinkling, but not just any tinkling. It was the unmistakable sound of a woman using the urinal. Sabrina would recognize that direct pee stream hits urinal cake contact anywhere.

“No, no…” Sabrina gulped. She couldn’t wait. She was urinating right now. A squirt escaped. Having no other options, Sabrina turned and zipped back to the party.

The sploshing of the fountain made Sabrina go nuts. Her urinary sphincter was only a few steps away from breaking. Sabrina was halfway down the hall when the inevitable happened. Pee squirted from between her fingers. But it was a stream that could not be stopped.

Sabrina held her pussy with both hands. She ran and ran down the hall, peeing the whole way. A trail of piss was left behind on the sparkling clean floor. Urine gushed from in between Sabrina’s fingers, flowing in rivers down her legs. Urine splashed across her digits in a huge explosion. Sabrina created a slip-and-slide of the aftermath of all of her drinking. The pee trailed her.

Sabrina’s brain switched to panic mode. She should have stopped, and wet herself in the middle of the abandoned hallway. At least then things might have been slightly less embarrassing. But she could no longer concentrate on the best possible course of action. All she knew was she was a middle-aged woman having a bathroom accident at a super fancy party.

Sabrina’s golden eyes looked like golden dust under a magnifying glass. Sweat dribbled down her caramel face. Her hands stayed loyal and didn’t leave her crotch, despite getting showered in pee. Sabrina’s vulva squirted liters of fresh piss stream from her labia and now that pee was running down her fingers, leaving its mark on the floor.

Sabrina now found herself back in the main hall. This was the worst possible place she could be right now. But she was no longer in her right mind.

Sabrina jogged straight up to Albert, Mike, and the hostess, Christian, all of whom were engaged in sophisticated conversation.

Sabrina danced up to them, urine flowing between her legs and she shouted, “BATHROOOOOOOM!!!” The entire hall turned to face her as she burst.

A wall of urine ejected itself from Sabrina’s vulva. She dropped her hands and allowed an archway of urine to fly across the entire hall. Heads turned as they now stood directly beneath Sabrina’s urine brook.

Sabrina’s face fell, drool soaking her mouth. She looked like a dog who was getting petted by three people at once. The stream grew in power. Sabrina’s urine flew as high as the top floor of the mansion. It then tumbled back down and rained down on the entire party. Sabrina knew this was wrong, but she could not stand it any longer. And the relief was so good, she could not help but scream in amazement.

The guests ran for cover, many of them fleeing through the front doors.

“My word,” Albert made to leave but slipped on Sabrina’s pee. The next thing Albert knew, he crashed into the champagne pyramid. Glass and alcohol shattered all over.

Sabrina just laughed and laughed, her laughs making her steam even wider and even taller. Her urine somehow managed to soak the ceiling of this giant ballroom.

“Whew, this feels grand!” Sabrina shouted, unable to care about the guests running for their lives. How could she? This relief was perfect!

Next story:

Joan’s legs remained crossed. Between the heat and water constantly dripping on her face, she chose to remove her shirt. Joan now had her fat breasts hanging below her while her muscular arms teeming with veins worked on turning her wrench around and around. Joan’s head was under the sink, her breasts pressing against the warm wet metal of the cupboard.

She cursed. Joan’s entire body wiggled. She could feel the constant drip drip dripping of water falling on the back of the helmet. Thankfully, she was smart enough to wear the helmet to help protect her from water spills. But she could still hear the ting ting ting sound of water droplets against helmet. Joan seriously regretted drinking five liters of water today. But what was she supposed to do? This was perhaps the hottest day of the year. It was so hot, the air was buzzing. It didn’t help that Joan’s client also needed both her air conditioner and her toilet fixed. In other words, Joan couldn’t use the bathroom even if she wanted to. Nor could she even turn on the air. And she was parched. She was also sweating bullets. But she didn’t dare drink another drop with her bladder in its current state. One more dribble of water through her kidneys would surely make her bladder pop like an over-inflated basketball.

Squirming, Joan finally managed to tighten the sink all the way. She lifted her hand up, making sure the leak had stopped. She almost cried of relief when it did. Joan quickly removed herself from below the sink. Standing up straight, her large breasts feel below her. Her tool belt was so uncomfortable over her bulge. Joan grabbed either side of her belt and tried to adjust it, but that only added to her bladder’s discomfort.

“Try it now,” Joan said, while in the middle of a cross-legged dance.

Joan’s client reached over and turned the sink on full force. That made both women groan and shuffle around the kitchen. Water gushed from the faucet and no leak occurred. The sounds and sights of water made Joan’s bladder go into a frenzy.

“Okay, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off,” Joan bellowed. The client quickly did. Joan noticed her client was grabbing at her jeans. Joan hadn’t thought much of it at first, but the fact of the matter is, this woman was also without a bathroom or an air conditioner on the hottest day of summer! That could only mean one thing. She - like Joan - was sweaty and hot, so she drank a lot of water, and was now bursting to pee. But no toilet meant no bathroom break.

“Okay, one down, two to go,” Joan said, referring to the three appliances - kitchen sink, toilet, and air conditioner - she was here to fix.

“Um… Think you can do my toilet next?” The client folded herself into an origami figure. “I really need to go…”

“Yeah, same,” Joan ran a hand over her bulge. This damn tool belt would be the death of her.

The two women rushed to the bathroom. Just looking at the toilet was torture for them. Sure, the toilet was broken, but their desperate bladders didn’t care.

All they saw was the possibility for relief.

Joan had to hold her legs together. She could feel her bladder bulge straight into her tools.

“Can you try and hurry?” the client asked, squirming around. “I gotta go…”

“Same,” Joan stripped the tool belt from her waist and tossed it onto the floor with a rattle. She bent down and got to work on the broken loo.

It took over two hours of twisting a wrench, screwing and unscrewing, and plying, but the toilet was finally functional.

“Okay,” Joan stood, still badly wiggling. “All set.”

“It is?” The client’s eyes widened. She had stood in the doorway the entire time, pacing back and forth, and doing anything and everything to distract herself from her need. “Thank god!” Without even waiting for Joan to leave the bathroom, the muscular blonde woman rushed up to the toilet. She threw the seat up and dropped her sweatpants to her knees, giving Joan a front-up show of her sweaty bare backside. The woman held two fingers on either side of her cooch and aimed down. “Ahhhhh…” the woman moaned. A thick yellow stream squirted from in between her legs. The stream splashed down into the bowl. Joan saw the front between the gap of the woman’s legs, the water rippled as the yellow stream connected with the toilet water. The blue water began to turn green as the client’s piss stream landed in it. The urination sounds were so loud, Joan felt them stir the contents on her own bladder.

Joan quickly stood and snatched up her tool belt. She jammed a hand in between her thighs and began to waddle out of the restroom.

“Sorry, I’ll be a while. I drank a loooot of lemonade,” the woman called. “I’ll be done in a few minutes if you want to wait.”

“It… It’s fine…” Joan marched in place, squeezing the hand that was helping to hold the dam closed. “I’ll give you some privacy.”

But that was only part of the reason Joan wanted to leave so badly. She just couldn’t stand the sound of this lady pissing into the bowl. And the sight of the green toilet water… That stream… It was far too much! Joan was on the verge of exploding as it was. But instead of sitting around, dying, Joan decided to not only make use of her time, but hopefully distract herself, and work on fixing the air conditioner.

The air conditioner was attached to the window, being held in place by the closed pane of glass. Joan took one look at the appliance and knew that this would take some time to fix. It would be easiest if she pulled the air conditioner from the window and opened it up on the floor. So, that’s what she did.

Squirming from the pressure, she opened the window and carefully lifted the air conditioner in her arms. The thing was incredibly heavy - just as Joan predicted. The added pressure in her arms sent waves of urgency to the piss rolling around inside her bladder walls. Joan cursed loudly as she planted the broken air conditioner on the ground.

Even from across the apartment, Joan could hear her client pissing away. It sounded like the stream an elephant on diuretics would produce. It was by far the loudest, most obnoxious piss Joan had ever heard. It made her bladder itself do the potty dance.

Looking out the window, Joan nearly cried. Her client was on the fifth floor of a studio apartment. Across the street, Joan saw a bunch of college students having a water balloon fight. They wore nothing but trunks and bikinis as they pelted each other with multicolored balloons. When the balloons hit their faces or their chests, they burst open, releasing a wave of icy water to wash over their skin. As they laughed, Joan felt like tearing up.

Joan held her crotch with both hands, doing a small jig where she stood. She imagined her own bladder bursting open like those balloons on impact. That’s when Joan heard another noise. Below her in the lawn of the building, there were a series of gardening sprinklers that sprayed cool water several feet in the air. The sprinklers spun around like cars on a race track, spraying water in all directions. Streams of refreshing H2O rained down on the dry grass, giving them a nice drink in the summertime heat. Joan felt herself spurt just looking at them.

She cursed loudly, feeling her panties get damp. The pressure on her sphincter was too much. Joan knew the woman in the restroom wasn’t going to be done anytime soon. The woman’s violent hiss could tell Joan that. Joan also knew that she didn’t have any longer to wait. She had to go!

Joan thrust open the window as far as it would go. She yanked down the zipper of her plum-colored working pants. Her breasts swaying in the hot summer breeze, Joan ripped open the button of her jeans. As soon as she cleared her underwear to the side with the use of her dirty white glove, she fired away. A massive golden river flowed from Joan’s labia. But the interesting thing… Her stream didn’t fall downward like Joan was expecting. Instead, it flew upward, almost like gravity had no effect on it. Joan wasn’t even doing it intentionally, she just found that her golden river rocketed toward the heavens. Joan’s piss stream shot so high, any airplane passing by would have to swerve to the side to avoid getting soaked. Joan imagined the sun itself would get a golden shower from her stream.

Joan’s stream arched so high in the sky, Joan couldn’t even see it. After several seconds of her stream gliding straight up, it crashed back to the ground.

Joan’s stream landed so far away, she could barely see it. But she heard people screaming, confused as her piss stream landed directly in a construction site. Construction workers ran in all directions to avoid getting drenched in Joan’s bladder’s exasperation.

Joan just laughed, feeling more relieved than she has in a long time! Nothing better than to drain the five liters she was holding inside. But it was even better when those liters were getting drained over the heads of the innocent construction workers.

The entire sky filled with gold as Joan’s stream split and showered the entire city in her body’s lemonade.

*034*2023-03-27 22:58

Izumi held two hands in between her thighs. She skipped down the street, her breasts flying all around her. Her two bean bag-like boobs flapped and pounded against her chest. Izumi’s boobs were so large that they stretched all the way down to her navel. Izumi had given up on wearing shirts and bras. No shirt or bra was big enough to hold back her massive tits. Izumi’s nipples were the size of cherries and her areola was as big as grapefruit. Izumi’s dark brown shirt was pulled up to her neck, allowing her boobs to clap against her body and swing freely as they wished. Izumi’s bladder felt like it was constantly getting inflated by two sink faucets running at the exact same time. Her bladder was so stretched, she knew she had to find a place to empty it. Her chocolate-colored hair was in a braid. The braid of fur slapped her titties as she skipped down the street.

Many eyes turned to take a gander at the lady with huge knockers. Izumi just smiled and nodded to people, asking them how they were going.

“Hey, how’s it going?” Izumi asked a policeman as he attached a ticket to a parked car. “How’s it hanging?” Izumi smiled at a man walking his dog, who stared at her in shock. Izumi nodded to a female bicyclist who glared at her jackfruit-sized breasts. “‘Supp?” Izumi asked nonchalantly.

Izumi’s bladder was quickly becoming uncomfortable. She had several cans of soda in one afternoon. Her kidneys had done their work, and her urinary sphincter was struggling to do its. Izumi shoved both hands far up her pussy and began to march in place as dramatically as possible.

Izumi moaned and quickly began to undo her belt where she stood. Even more heads flipped around to look at Izumi as she pulled her pants to her knees and then kicked them off. The jeans and belt landed in a pile on the sidewalk. Next, Izumi pulled her already half-off shirt over her head and threw that too into her bundle of laundry. Izumi finally removed her underwear. As she squirmed and wiggled, she managed to pull off her pink polka-dotted panties and crumbled them into a ball before chucking them on top of the heap of clothing she created on the concrete.

This left Izumi completely and utterly naked. Her giant boobs bounced around, weighing down her entire body. Izumi’s hairy vulva stood out to the crowd. Izumi happily stroked the forest of hair she kept above her labia. She continued to squeeze her lips and parade in place on the sidewalk, her bladder ready to blow like a dynamite factory caught on fire.

Izumi lay on her back, her heavy boobs collapsed over her chest. The twin lumps of fat rolled around on her giant belly.

Twenty-six-year-old Izumi patted her stomach and smiled. “I need a wee wee,” she said aloud for the crowd. “I shall wee wee now.”

And just like that, a steaming yellow geyser bloomed from Izumi’s muffin. The geyser of yellow shot ten feet, twenty feet, fifty feet, seventy feet, so high up the crowd had to turn their heads so far back that their necks fused with their spines. Izumi’s personal bladder spout of tinkle flared so far up, it scraped the clouds. The jet then feet back towards earth and crashed right back down on the source from which it originated… Izumi. More specifically, Izumi’s boobs. Izumi’s breasts were so massive, it wasn’t hard to hit them. It was like trying to hit a target that was so close, you could just stab the arrow in the center and call it a bullseye.

Izumi’s urine stream sped back down from the atmosphere and flowed down her shining breasts that were the size of whale kidneys. Izumi giggled like a drunk hyena. She lay her head back against the sidewalk and allowed her bodily juice to hiss out of her pee hole, launch itself hundreds of feet into the sky, and crash back down over her breasts, soaking them straight down to the areola.

Izumi rubbed her giant boobies, feeling her urine turn her breasts all soggy. The crowd of spectators just watched in awe, unable to believe this big-boobed woman had the ability to piss so high up and then just lay there as she doused herself in her own fluid.

Izumi couldn’t think of any better feeling than to alleviate such a heavy bladder right onto her even heavier breasts. Her nipples had yellow water running down their sides. Her massive boobs were a waterpark of gold. There was a network of yellow rivers flowing down the sides of her breasts and even rolling down the cleavage. Izumi imagined her cleavage as a canyon that was quickly filling with yellow wee.

Izumi continued to laugh psychotically, having never experienced such joy as turning her breasts into a swamp before dozens of witnesses with a couple hundred-feet tall pee waterfall. Izumi’s hair began drenched as the piss collected below her. Her braid lay beside her like a teddy bear, each hair filled with urine. Izumi’s pubes were also dotted with droplets of urine that ended up stuck in the forest she kept between her legs.

Izumi just laughed and laughed, enjoying the boiling hot warmth of her bladder’s liquid cascading across her naked skin and splashing her boobs and nipples. Izumi would have to piss like this more often! Toilets are dull. Peeing on your own boobs? Now that is exciting!

*035*2023-03-27 23:06

Rena and Sonya lay side by side, their backs against long red beach towels, their heads shaded by a giant striped umbrella, and a cooler overflowing with beverages between them. Rena lay half asleep in the sand while Sonya’s eyes ran over the lines in a book. The two busty ladies had been hanging out quite a bit in recent months. They were close enough now to consider one another good friends.

As Sonya’s mind was elsewhere, picturing the events taking place in her book, her ear heard a distant splash of a wave down by the shore. Looking up, and seeing the tidal waves move, Sonya quickly recalled all of the beer she irrationally gulped down. Sonya could only blame her impulsive love of ice-cold beer.

The urge came on strong. Granted, it might be the ocean noises adding to her bladder’s discomfort. Sonya was so comfy, she didn’t want to get up. But another pang from her bladder told her she had to dump alcohol ASAP. Sonya was known for having the largest bladder out of anyone she had ever met. Sonya could easily hold back an entire ocean of urine easily. But after downing an entire six-pack of beers, there was only so much even her elephant bladder could do!

As Sonya began to get up, Rena’s eyes opened and she came to her senses. “Where are you going?”

“Bathroom. I gotta piss like a racehorse,” Sonya admitted.

That very sentence drove Rena’s clit crazy. Rena was deeply in love with all things urine related. And she quite liked Sonya. Poor Sonya must not know the joys urine can bring. What kind of friend would Rena be if she let Sonya release her urine in the bowl like some brainwashed decent member of society?

“You don’t want to go to the bathroom,” Rena promised, sitting up.

“I assure you, I do,” Sonya protested, grabbing at her crotchless t-string panties.

“Nah,” Rena waved that ridiculous inquiry aside. “You want to have some fun with your urine.”

“Fun?” Sonya marched in the sand, doing an urgent bathroom dance. “What do you mean?”

“Pee can be fun and entertaining! No sense in wasting it,” Rena cried. “How about this… How about we have a pissing contest.”

“Pissing contest?” Sonya tilted her head. “Like holding? Cause I can’t hold much…”

Rena just laughed. Standing up as well, Rena said, “My friend… There is much more to a urine contest than just holding! There are many things we can try!

First, let’s do height. Whoever can pee the highest up wins. I’ll explain more in detail as we go. You down?”

Sonya thought about this. Truth be told, Sonya and Rena have not known each other that long and Sonya is the type of person to do whatever people want as a way to make them like her. (Ironic given she works for the U.S. military). Not only that, but a pissing contest could be fun. Sonya has never tried such a thing before. Maybe it was good that she and Rena were such good friends. Sonya needed to learn to experiment and try new and strange things.

“Okay, I’m in,” Sonya pranced across the sand. “What do we do?”

Rena grinned at her friend’s discomfort. Rena kind of wished it could last, she wanted to watch Sonya squirm a bit longer. But Rena reluctantly explained the first event. “Event one is pissing hight. Our goal is to pee as high as we can. We just aim up at the sky and spray with all our might. Whoever pees higher wins.”

“Okay, where do we do this?”

“What do you mean?”

Sonya paused. “Like… Where does the event take place? I doubt we could do something like this in a bathroom.”

Rena laughed again. Sonya was cute when she followed the rules of society. “We do it right here,” she grinned, spreading her legs and undoing her robe.

“Right on the beach.”

Sonya felt her heart rush into her throat. “Here?” she squeaked.

“Girl, you piss in front of other women on a daily basis,” Rena pointed out, referring to Sonya’s profession. “Plus, no one is around right now. Just you and me.”

It was true, the beach was empty.

Sonya was still hesitant, but she trusted Rena’s judgment. “Okay, let’s do this.” Since she was wearing crotchless panties, Sonya’s bare pussy was already exposed to the world. Sonya used her black-gloved hands to press her fingers to her ladyhood and point it skyward.

“Okay, three,” Rena began to count down, also aiming up high.

“Two,” Sonya said.

Together they finished, “One.”

Instantly, twin jets of urine ejected from both ladies’ labia. The two streams of piss shot skyward directly above their heads. Sonya let out a yelp that was somewhere between excitement and disgust. A squirt of pee from Sonya’s pussy shot directly up her fishnet tank top, soaring so far up her cleavage, it soaked her lower neck. Stray dribbles of pee landed all over Sonya’s chest and stomach on their journey into the sky.

Curious about how the competition was doing, Sonya glanced over at Rena. Unlike Sonya who was cleanly shaven down there, Rena had a massive hedge sticking from her robe. Rena’s hedge was firing an all-powerful rocket of urine so far up into the atmosphere, the clouds themselves transformed yellow.

Sonya also picked up on how, unlike her stream, Rena’s stream was solid. Rena’s stream wasn’t breaking up at all. It was just a single strong stream. And the width of the stream was the size of a bottle cap. Sonya’s jaw dropped just watching this.

“How are you so good at this?” Sonya demanded.

Rena just shrugged, piss raining down on her shoulders. “I do this a lot! I’ve gotten pretty good, not bragging, just tellin’ it like it is!”

Rena’s stream touched the clouds while Sonya’s stream only went as high as the lifeguard tower. The two women gushed for all to see. The few people on the beach turned their heads, amazed at what they were witnessing. Sonya and Rena had dribbles of urine raining down on them, splashing them with their own steamy piss.

Rena’s stream soon subsided and then stopped altogether. She shook off her dripping pussy into the sand and then waited patiently for Sonya to come to a close. But Rena quickly realized that should this be a contest of the duration of the stream, Sonya would surely have had it in the bag. It had been several minutes and Sonya was still going strong.

Sonya’s chin and earlobes were dripping with her falling pee. Her breasts had been soaked, especially the lower parts that hung out of her fishnet top.

“Dang! How long you gonna be pissing?” Rena placed her hands on her hips.

Sonya pushed her sunglasses up her nose bridge. “I really had to go! I have a really large bladder.”

“I can tell,” Rena snorted.

It had been nearly half an hour. Rena took a seat on her beach towel and felt as though the sun’s rays were rocking her to sleep again. Sonya was still going strong. Her stream may have been lower, weaker, and sloppier than Rena’s, but Rena decided one thing right then and there… NEVER CHALLENGE SONYA TO A CONTEST OF DURATION!!!!

Just when Sonya’s urine stream began to fall apart, it restarted. Sonya casually whistled to pass the time. Many spectators were looking over at them every once and a while, surprised by the massive amount of time it was taking one girl to completely empty her piss tank. While Sonya worked on peeing. Rena decided to get set up for the next contest. She began slurping down a six-liter Bladder Burster she bought from a vendor. She got one for Sonya as well. The ice-cold soda had drops of condensation well on the plastic as it sat on Sonya’s bench towel, just waiting for her bladder to durian completely.

After several more minutes, Sonya finally dribbled to a halt. She let out one final quicks squirt that flew far above her head and drenched her short blonde hair and black headband.

“Okay,” Sonya scratched her pussy in a quest to get rid of an itch. “What’s next?”

Engaged in her beverage, Rena took her lips off the straw and smiled up at Sonya. “Glad you asked. Take a Bladder Burster!”

After gluing down the six liters of Bladder Burster soda, just as advertised, Rena and Sonya’s bladders were indeed bursting. The two women stood, their feet sinking in the sand, their hands squeezing their genitalia as tightly as possible.

“I… I have to go…” Sonya panted, sweat running down her face.

“I thought you had a large bladder,” Rena teased, hopping back and forth.

“I do, but I just drank six liters of soda! Any lesser woman would have pissed her pants by now!” Sonya shot back.

“True,” Rena agreed, parading the beach with her hands shoved into her jungle of pubes.

“So, what’s the second challenge?” asked Sonya.

Rena grimaced from the pressure of six liters resting inside her pelvis. “Next, we draw pictures in the sand with our pee.”

“Oh really?” Sonya quickly looked up. “This one I have practice in!”

“Really?”

“Yeah, in the military, naturally, we work long hours. And sometimes, drawing with our pee was our only source of entertainment,” Sonya mentioned. “Not to brag, but I’m kinda good at this one.”

“Perfect! I like a challenge!” Rena cried. “I won the first event, let’s see how you do in the second.” After taking a break to consider her situation, Rena added,

“But we better get started. I don’t know about you, but my Bladder Burster ain’t waiting much longer!”

“Agreed,” Sonya twirled around. “Let’s hiss!” Pounding her feet up and down in the beach’s surface, Sonya held on tight to her twitching pussy lips that so badly wanted to piss yet again.

Rena stood several feet away from Sonya. This way they would each have their own space to work.

“Three,” Rena said.

“Two,” Sonya said.

“One,” they both called. “Go!”

Together, both women relaxed their bladders and allowed two jets of urine to fire from their pussies and soak the sand. Wherever piss touched the sand, the sand became wet and turned into clay. Yellowish-gray sand quickly transformed into the color of bronze.

The two women turned their bodies, pulling at their labias, navigating their waterfalls all over the beach. Once again, many onlookers stared at the two urinating women, watching the images being brought to life with sand and pee. Wherever sand and urine meet one another, a new piece of the drawing emerged. Both Sonya and Rena gushed their six liters of soda into the sand, forming image after image, sculpting the entire picture into existence. No pencil, no pen, no paint, just pee. Pee created art in the sand.

Rena’s stream was nice and easy. Rena - despite having six liters turning her bladder into an inferno - managed to clamp her muscles well enough to let out just a soft dribble, creating the precise images and pictures she was hoping for.

Sonya on the other hand was having a difficult time. Not the picture drawing. Sonya meant what she said. She was very skillful at drawing in the sand. Thanks to all of that military training, she was a pro when it came to drawing in sand or snow with her own hot piss. But the fact is, Sonya’s bladder was so full and Sonya was so bad at controlling the strength of her stream, her stream refused to waver even a little. Having a smaller stream would have been far easier to work with. A smaller stream would have created more detail and would have been far more accurate. But Sonya’s busting bladder caused a thick wall of fresh piss to soak the ground. Every time Sonya tried to make a one-inch line, she ended up making a three-inch zig zag. Every time she tried to make a single dot, she ended up creating a planet-sized hole in the sand.

While Rena’s steam was neat and Rena created small lines and exquisite detail, Sonya’s bladder spit waves upon waves of destruction into the ground.

This time, both women took an extra long time to finish. Rena because she was intentionally going slow and steady to make a better drawing. And Sonya because her giant swollen bladder simply caused chaos in the sand.

After half an hour, Rena finished her drawing and went to finish her leak away from her drawing as so not to ruin it. Sonya was half tempted to spray in the direction of Rena’s drawing. But Sonya wasn’t a poor sport… Usually. Sonya ended up gushing into the sand for several long minutes. At this point, she gave into her bladder’s pressure and simply hosed down the sand with a torrent of piss the likes of which the beach has never seen.

Sonya pissed so much and so strong, her side of the beach was quickly turning into quicksand. As for Rena, Rena had used her urine to carve together a beautiful scene of the first time she ran half-naked through the park, peeing on everyone and everything. Beach visitors gathered around to view her artwork. Rena didn’t know if it was her and Sonya or just pure coincidence, but there were many more beach visitors now than before. Perhaps they were drawing them here with their impressive peeing styles.

Everyone gawked at Rena’s gorgeous drawing. The lines and curves of the drawing with wet sand. They created an image of people fleeing from Rena and her powerful hiss. Meanwhile, Sonya’s area was just a soaking wet sandy blob.

“Looks like I win rough two,” Rena laughed.

Sonya couldn’t help but feel some resentment. If Sonya didn’t win the entire pissing contest, that was one thing. But she had to win at least one event! And she was positive she had it in the bag with pee drawing!

“What’s the final challenge?” Sonya asked through grit teeth.

Rena smiled slyly. “Let’s order another round of Bladder Bursters and talk.”

The two women grabbed another set of colossal buckets of soda. The giant cans were as heavy as bricks made of water. The two downed another six liters of fluid and in less than half an hour, they were both potty dancing up and down the beach.

Bladders stretched from their stomachs, Rena and Sonya could just imagine six liters - plus whatever their kidneys had not yet filtered from the last batch - were sloshing around inside their bladder walls, bubbling and brewing with steam. The two women did the exact same dance moves. They each held one hand over the other and rested their hand piles against their crotches. They each kicked their legs out one at a time, shuffling their weight around the sand dunes. Their bladders were the size of melons. Sweat trickled down their faces. After twelve liters of soda and much beer, Sonya and Rena were both ready to explode like overinflated balloons.

“Okay,” hands against her hairy pussy, Rena danced. “For the final event…”

“Oh, no,” Sonya interrupted. “You have picked every event up until now! It is my turn. It’s only fair.” Sonya figured - or at least hoped - that if she chose the final event, she might have a chance. Sonya was doing her best to be a good sport, but it was annoying how poor she was doing.

Rena frowned. Rena had hoped to be the one to pick all of the challenges. She was the one who suggested this entire competition after all. But Rena could also tell that Sonya was getting frustrated. Rena wanted to be a fair competitor, so she decided to allow Sonya to pick the final event.

“Okay, what should we do?” Rena asked.

Sonya had contemplated this while drinking her extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra-extra- extra-extra-EXTRA large soda! Sonya could feel her bladder hiss at her and she knew her high captivity was almost filled to the brim.

Bladder bursting at the seams, Sonya said, “For the final event, we race to city hall. The two of us have a nice long race and along the way, we pee. We pee while we’re running. And whoever makes it to city hall without completely emptying their bladder wins. In other words, your goal is to make it to city hall and still have to pee some.”

“City hall’s only a few miles away,” Rena pursed her lips in consideration. “Doesn’t seem too difficult.”

“Oh, there’s more,” Sonya smiled. “The only rule is… You cannot just pee a weak trickle. I noticed on the last challenge, Rena, you are awfully good at controlling the strength of your stream. Well, no more. Not this time, no sir. This time, you have to pee at full force. Just push as hard as you can, really force the pee out as you run.”

Rena suddenly felt nervous. Hissing slow and steady was no issue for her. But all at once… Rena’s bladder was also massive in size. Nothing compared to Sonya, but still, Rena’s bladder was a hefty organ. City hall was only a few miles from the beach. Did Rena have it in her to pee all the way there? She didn’t have the heart to deny Sonya’s challenge idea. It would be too unfair for Rena’s taste.

“Okay, let’s do it,” Rena found herself saying. “Whoever pees all the way to city hall is the winner.”

Rena and Sonya lined up. They danced and squirmed and wiggled, anticipation and desperation battling across the plains of their brains.

“Three,” Rena began.

“Two,” Sonya said.

“One,” both said. “Go!”

The duo took off. Their feet pounded the sand, kicking up waves of sand particles. Out of their vulvas sprang two eruptions of piss. Urine splattered from their privates and crashed down on the ground below them. Rena and Sonya charged along the sands, creating two trails of moist shore behind them. The women ran off the edge of the beach and down the sidewalk, heading straight for city hall.

Between their thighs came powerful explosions of soda aftermath. Rena and Sonya each followed the rules and pushed as hard as they could, shoving all of their muscles out of the way. Their jets of piss were so powerful, Rena and Sonya imagined those jets of yellow propelling them forward like a motor on a boat. Rena and Sonya flew across the stream, two heavy blasts of wee shooting from below them. The trails of piss flung down their legs and struck the ground where they ran. Two winding trails of yellow water followed Rena and Sonya as they galloped over the blazing hot sidewalk, throwing themselves closer and closer to city hall.

Rena and Sonya ran past a man. The man attempted to jump out of the way, but he was far too slow. Rena and Sonya blasted him with urine, causing him to tumble over and crash into the bushes, soaking wet with pee. Rena and Sonya speed past a bike rack. Urine rocketed from their heavily firing pussies and drenched the hot metal of the bike rack along with every single parked bicycle there. The bikes were dripping with urine, much to the disgust of several bikers returning from a nearby coffee shop. Rena and Sonya flew past a woman feeding pigeons bird seed. The pigeons barely had time to extend their wings before they were doused in fresh piss. 

The woman jumped from the park bench and threw herself behind it, just as a stray stream oozed onto her leg. Rena and Sonya continued running, leaving behind a dozen or so dripping-wet birds to fly off into the crystal sky. Rena and Sonya were then charged straight by a dog who had his leg lifted in front of a fire hydrant. Looking up, the dog yelped as Rena and Sonya fired their explosive piss in his face and soaked the fire hydrant in their own gold. Rena and Sonya then crossed paths with a woman who had her face fixed towards a brick wall, doing some public urination. The peeing lady barely had time to turn her head before her entire backside was covered in two bombs of boiling piss.

Rena and Sonya were halfway to city hall. Only a few more streets and they would arrive at their destination.

Sonya’s bladder was still screaming from how much it held. Sonya could literally feel her bladder bouncing up and down like a rubber ball in a slingshot. No matter how hard Sonya pushed and shoved her piss out, her bladder remained bulging and hard as a diamond. Even as Sonya drained her bladder, even more pee flowed from her kidneys to take its place. Sonya was positive she would win this event. There was absolutely no way Rena stood a chance.

Meanwhile, Rena began to worry. As Rena squeezed her bladder muscle to contract, she could feel her piss balloon not nearly as warm as before nor was it as full. Rena was bursting just a few minutes ago, but after having pushed everything out for so long, she was well aware that her tinkle ball was nearly drained. Rena wanted to stop and refill with yet another Bladder Burster. But she knew that was unfair and would certainly go against the unspoken rules of this event.

Rena and Sonya zipped past a man carrying an empty trash can. Startled, the man dropped the small bin to the ground and after Rena and Sonya were past the circular object, the man discovered his trash bin was filled to the brim with steaming summer piss. Rena and Sonya hurtled across the crosswalk. A stray stream from Sonya blasted the traffic light above their heads. The light dripped with urine. The cars stood still, drivers confused, believing the yellow urine to be a yellow stoplight. Sonya and Rena passed a bakery, showing its windows in yellow piss. The customers inside threw themselves backward in surprise, as the window - with cakes and other sweets on the shelf - filled with liquid waste.

Rena and Sonya could finally see city hall. The giant dome was in sight. Just a little farther.

Sonya’s bladder was still raging hard and rolling around inside her abdomen like a car on a Hot Wheels track. Sonya imagined her bladder glowing red from exhaustion. The urine level was up to the tippy top. Piss was spraying wildly from her urethra. As Sonya showered her lower half in flaming hot piss, she couldn’t help but feel satisfied.

Rena on the other hand was quickly losing piss. Rena’s bladder was nearing its end. She was nearly dry. Rena’s pubes were covered in dots of urine. Her legs had several geysers flowing down them. Rena’s bladder felt like a lake in winter after the water has iced over and the air is dry. City hall was right there. Rena wanted to stop - or at least slow her stream - so she could make it the rest of the way. But she wasn’t about to break the rules. Still, Rena’s tank was nearing empty.

Rena quickened her pace, sprinting as fast as she could. She knew she couldn’t keep this up forever. Her bladder was nearly spent. Its liquid had spilled and Rena had to finish this race quickly before she was utterly dry.

Geysers of urine blasted from each of their pussies, soaking the ground below them as they ran. City hall was only a few yards away. Rena could feel the last squirts exiting her hole now.

Sonya reached city hall first and she still kept an all-powerful jet flowing between her thighs. Rena rushed up to Sonya, barely making it as the last drop fell and soaked the sidewalk.

Rena doubled over and panted. Between that jog and the energy she put into allowing herself to make it this far, she was thirsty and breathless.

“Looks like I won this one,” Sonya said proudly, a giant river rocketed from her crotchless panties, turning the boiling hot summer concrete into a lagoon.

“Sorry, Rena. Can’t beat me at pissing for length of time!”

“Yeah, no kidding…” Rena huffed and puffed.

“I won, I won, I won, I won, I won,” Sonya - still pissing full force - did a victory dance. “Ah, don’t feel sad, Rena.” Sonya made a fake pouty face. “I’m sure you can win next time. Actually,” she tapped her chin. “Probably not. I’m the pissing queen around here! Especially when it comes to bladder size!”

As Sonya taunted her, Rena could quickly feel her bladder refilling once again. Of course, it was filling again now! Where was this added boost of piss a minute ago when she was still running? After all, she drank today, Rena knew she would be peeing on and off for the rest of the day - if not the rest of the summer!

“You know, Rena, I wonder how our bladder sizes compare,” Sonya mused. “I have a feeling I can pee an entire ocean while you can pee a single drop. I can pee for an entire month straight and you do a thirty-second stream. Does that sound about right to you?”

In response, Rena just grinned and said, “Hey, I’ll bet that race made you a teensy bit thirsty. You thirsty, Sonya?”

Before Sonya could even consider the question, Rena lifted up her hairy pussy and released the new liquid that had formed inside. Rena’s pee hole grew in size and from its darkness came a jet of wee which shot Sonya in the face. Sonya barely had time to close her eyes before warm wetness rolled down her cheeks and filled her nostrils.

Rena just giggled. Sonya met Rena’s eyes and remarked, “Oh, you are so dead.” Sonya tilted her fire hose of a vulva upwards and ended up foundation fresh tinkle all over Rena’s beach ball-sized breasts.

Laughing, Rena blasted Sonya in the leg. Sonya trumpeted piss on Rena’s thigh. Rena came back with a squirt directly in Sonya’s ear canal. The two women laughed under the summer sunshine, hosing each other down with their boiling soda urinations.

*036*2023-03-29 19:08

Victoria’s knees trembled under the pressure. Her legs interlocked with one another as she forced herself to look up at the camera and smile. Flashes shot from the camera like explosions on the surface of the sun. Victoria was unable to help but bounce her knees up and down slightly. Her hands were to her side, but her legs were closed. Victoria could physically see her bladder swollen past her red and black body paint. If the line for photos hadn’t been so long, Victoria would have given in and used the ladies’ room ages ago.

It wasn’t every day she came to Comic-Con. Victoria was determined to make this trip all her wild! So far it was terrific. Aside from the fact that it’s been well over twenty-four hours since she last relieved herself. Victoria could feel her bladder bursting beyond its limit. She imagined the faucets that were her ureters filling with leftover brine that had no room to sit in her bladder. Victoria’s bladder was so giant, a seal could balance it on its nose.

Victoria had been so busy with events; she just didn’t have the time to pee. She waited in many different lines to get all of her comics and or action figures signed. And now she waited in a two-hour line just for a damn picture. Granted, the backdrop was an awesome shot of the Avengers. This picture was totally worth it! Just like this pee would be if Victoria could ever find a woman’s lavatory.

Victoria’s bladder was so sensitive, she feared it would shatter like glass if she bumped it into anything. Victoria kept her legs crossed into a knot while the photographer printed her photo from his camera. Victoria knew she would have to take a break and piss after this. She really didn’t want to though. Not only would it waste her time, but she feared it would wash away some of her body paint. What no one noticed was that Victoria was actually completely naked. She wasn’t wearing a bodysuit or anything. Instead, she spent hours painting every square inch of her body to look exactly like Spider-Man from the 2004 film. The lines alone took her two hours. Now she was properly painted and bursting for the restroom.

Victoria deeply regretted drinking those three giant sodas. She knew they were a bad idea, but she didn’t care, they tasted so good! Victoria could feel a mountain sitting on top of her organs. She could only imagine the release this piss would bring with it!

After what felt like a century, the photographer handed Victoria her photo in a cover slip. “Here you go, Spider-Man,” the man said playfully.

Victoria muttered her thanks and then sped off. Running on a full bladder was far from ideal, but Victoria was moments from bursting like a sausage in the microwave.

Carrying half a dozen bags, Victoria sped down the halls, charging towards the sign that indicated a ladies’ room up ahead. Even as she ran, Victoria contemplated her options. She didn’t want the body paint to wash off (especially then because everyone would see her nude). She also didn’t want to miss any more of the expo. But Victoria had spent hours in line and doing fun events and getting comics signed. How much more was there? Besides, the expo only lasted another hour or so. And she would have to catch the bus back to her hotel. As much as Victoria resented it and blamed her bladder, she would need to leave soon anyway.

When her bladder slammed full force onto her sphincter, Victoria felt like a bowling ball was trying to come out. She immediately forgot about the expo and knew she needed a bathroom or else all of her favorite superheroes would end up under a yellow ocean.

Victoria flew like the Flash, leaving a trail of light behind her. She zipped into the ladies’ room and her stomach doubled with pain. Victoria could hardly believe her eyes.

The bathroom was completely empty. Two of the three urinals on the wall had long cracks running across them. One of the broken down urinals even had a pipe exposed. Both broken urinals wore out of order signs like expensive suits.

Victoria felt a trickle roll down her bare leg. Throwing her bags into a pile, Victoria threw herself at the only working urinal. Yanking her pussy upward and spreading her legs into a long stretch, the damn burst and not a moment too soon.

PLLLLLLOOOUTTTTHHHH echoed across the walls.

Even Victoria’s panting was drowned out by her explosion of pee. It was an utter eruption of golden urine bursting from Victoria’s private area and submerging the urinal cake under waves of yellow piss. Victoria’s muscles relaxed and her bladder softened just a smidge.

“GUUAH!” Victoria shouted to the ceiling. Holding her painted face back, she panted and sobbed in relief. “Phew…” she moaned aloud to the empty room. Thank god there was one working urinal! Although Victoria was having such a bathroom emergency, she may have even used the stall if it was for sure her last bet.

Sweat from the effort to hold was dotted across Victoria’s face in the shape of little hooks used for fishing. Victoria closed her eyes and a tear appeared. This pee felt so good… So good…

Victoria could feel her legs sliding too far apart, so she repositioned them appropriately. Victoria’s entire crotch was soaked. Victoria was nearly certain now that she would wash away some paint. Looking down, Victoria could already see that there were some microscopic red and black flakes of paint floating in the pool of gold sitting at the bottom of her urinal bowl. Examining herself clossingly, Victoria’s vaginal lips had returned to their normal pink color. The pain was well gone from her labia. Oh well, it was better than bursting open like a smashed pumpkin. She was leaving after this pee anyway.

She breathed through her mouth and allowed herself to relax, knowing this piss would be a long one!

Now that the initial pressure was taken off of her pee balloon, Victoria’s hiss began to calm down. The stream was still wild, but slightly less pressurized than before. Minutes passed by and Victoria hosed down the porcelain urinal like she was drowning an ant colony. Victoria felt some gas slip out behind her and that just made her laugh.

At one point, Victoria removed her convention badge from her chest just to examine it. Reattaching her badge, she looked at her Apple watch. Fifty-five minutes until the bus arrived. Victoria flipped her long red hair behind her and shrugged her shoulders, trying to get more comfortable. Victoria just stood there, legs spread, vulva out, piss gushing loudly into bowl, relaxed half-smile on her face.

After minutes of having solitude to urinate, another woman entered the restroom. She was dressed as Power Girl. Power Girl spotted Victoria at the only working urinal. Her eyes landing on the two out of order signs, Power Girl began to kick her knees up and down. She didn’t look half as desperate as Victoria did, but it was obvious she needed the bathroom quite urgently.

“Hey, you almost done?” Power Girl called.

“Girl, I just started,” Victoria huffed, massaging her giant bladder which didn’t appear to shrink even a millimeter since she began spraying.

“Okay, I just… I just really need to go… Too much soda…” Power Girl grasped the crotch of her white tank suit. She crossed her toes and bobbed up and down. “Please… I need to…”

“Just use the stall,” Victoria snapped, annoyed this irritating woman was taking away from her peaceful urination time.

“No, they’re filled with germs,” Power Girl eyed the open stall door suspiciously. “I’d prefer a urinal.”

“Well, keep waiting, cause I’m not even a fraction drained,” Victoria warned.

Squatting to the floor, Power Girl grunted out her frustration. She quickly stood and advanced on a heavily pissing Victoria. “Maybe we can share,” Power Girl moaned, desperation making her brain go numb.

Victoria grit her teeth. No way was she sharing her urinal. That was not only disgusting, but she didn’t need some lady standing beside her as she pissed. She wanted the urinal all to herself. In an act of rage, Victoria reacted, wishing to put this inappropriate woman in her place.

Victoria angled herself so her stream was hitting the back of the urinal at full force. Urine pounded off of the porcelain bowl and fired back at Power Girl who now stood but mere inches away from Victoria. The splash of urine landed on Power Girl’s stomach, soaking her tank suit a light gray.

“Hey!” Power Girl pinched her suit with her gloved index finger and thumb. Bringing it out, she stared down at the dampness that came from Victoria’s pee. Power Girl called Victoria some highly inappropriate names and then in an act of retaliation, Power Girl stood back, removed the clamps of her tank suit so her pussy was free, and aimed down at Victoria’s leg. “Screw it, I gotta piss.”

Victoria was ready to snap, once again telling Power Girl she could not use her private urinal. Instead, Victoria felt her leg become damp. Looking over to Power Girl, she relaxed her shoulders and signed, smiling. Looking down now, Victoria yelped.

“Hey,” she began to shake off her leg like a wet dog all the while Power Girl continued to hose her down.

Power Girl just shrugged. “I had to pee.”

Deciding it was best to drop it, Victoria just rolled her eyes and resumed focus on her own business. Both women peed. Victoria used the urinal while Power Girl used Victoria’s leg. Victoria surprisingly found it kind of relaxing to have Power Girl use her as a human urinal. Power Girl’s piss was as powerful as a car wash. Urine rushed from Power Girl’s exposed urethra and drenched Victoria’s leg. A puddle of piss formed on the floor. Victoria now stood with her bare feet in Power Girl’s blazing warm urine. But even that was kind of relaxing. It was like sitting in a hot spring. Urine washed Victoria’s leg and she enjoyed every minute of it. Victoria secretly hoped Power Girl would never stop. Urine flowed down Victoria’s leg and submerged her feet in warm golden bodily waste.

Power Girl continued to smile, her head tilted to the side and her eyes shut. Power Girl swallowed down her satisfaction.

Eventually, Power Girl ran out of juice. She squirted two more times, each a quick and strong stream, and then she shook off and readjusted herself. After realizing what she did, realizing she too was standing in her own bladder moisture, she snorted, likely angry at Victoria for taking so long. Then, Power Girl skipped the sink all together and fled the bathroom.

Victoria noticed that thanks to Power Girl’s even more powerful stream, her leg was completely bare of paint. There were still sections of her upper and lower leg that had flaking paint scales. This was where the border between paint and bare skin met. A few more speckles of paint fell from Victoria’s leg. Her pussy was totally bare. And thanks to some sloppy peeing on Victoria’s part, everything up to her navel was bare without any paint. Her feet were also bare, having been soaked in urine. Even her ankles lose their paint.

Victoria knew she would have to leave for sure now.

Bladder still raging hard, Victoria pissed nonstop for another hour. By the time she finally grew bored of peeing, she examined her watch. Victoria let out an audible gasp. It was six O’clock. She was going to miss her bus! But Victoria’s bladder was nowhere near drained. Curse those damn sodas! Why did she hold her piss tank so long? How long did it take to empty a full bladder! How full was her bladder? Victoria knew she had an impressive captivity (she must have held it for over a day with three liters of soda inside) but this was a little too much!

The urinal began to overflow a long time ago. Urine ran over the edge of the urinal, filling the floor of the bathroom with boiling piss. This was ridiculous! The urinal was overflowing, the bus was leaving, her bladder was still bulging into the wall. Bladder drained or not, Victoria had to leave!

It took every last will of every last muscle Victoria had, but she forced her stream to stop. Her jet instantly subsided and retreated back into her womanhood. Quickly shaking off, Victoria made for the door. Despite having just spent an entire hour urinating, Victoria’s bladder felt even more full than when she started. Victoria could feel the pressure mount on her labia. It burned and she still had to piss so bad.

Victoria scrambled out into the hallway. As soon as her heel passed the threshold of the bathroom, a powerful pang bombarded her piss balloon. Victoria’s legs flew closed, her knees knocking together like newton balls. But it wasn’t enough. Victoria felt as though she couldn’t take one more step without rupturing. Knowing she had to, she forced herself to waddle forward. She made it exactly three feet when her worst fears became reality. She exploded!

The worst part was, since Victoria wasn’t wearing any clothing, her stream had zero resistance! A geyser was ejected from her labia. To add insult to injury, her stream burst upwards. Victoria’s urine splashed the bathroom sign directly above her skull. The urine continued flying upwards until it was making a pond on the ceiling.

Victoria crumpled to her knees. She knew this was wrong, she knew it was embarrassing, but why, even in your darkest moments, why, oh why, does pissing feel sooo damn good!

Victoria’s mind went numb with ecstasy. She barely remembered her name. Everyone in the entire comic-con had noticed her geyser. Everyone stared at the gushing Spider-Man. Suddenly, it dawned on Victoria that she had to take a bus home. The bus ride would be nearly an hour. Victoria couldn’t stop her stream even if she tried. But the first step was just getting outside.

Victoria struggled to stand. Her legs felt like they were made of lead. Victoria staggered forward, piss gushing into her face, ruining her face paint. Victoria’s red hair was now doused in fresh urine. Her face pain ran down her face in splotches. Victoria continued moving forward, picking up the pace as she went.

What she didn’t count on was how much stuff would be between her and the front door. Victoria muttered apologizes as she soaked a She-Hulk display, trashed a Wonder Woman cardboard cutout sending it crashing to the floor, and even accidentally sprayed a woman dressed as Super Girl in the face.

People ran in all directions, desperate to escape the wrath of the piss geyser. Victoria finally managed to get out into the evening air. The sky was slowly going purple, and the streets were packed with pedestrians.

This spelled bad news for Victoria as it meant all eyes were on her. And she couldn’t blame them given her stream. Victoria stepped past the doors, her piss shooting the top of the doorframe. Seeing as her piss was suddenly condensed to such a low ceiling, Victoria got a full hosing down. Urine splashed the top of the doorway and poured down onto Victoria, ruining what little body paint she still had.

Piss blasting from her cooch, Victoria felt the cool night air on her skin which was blistering from how hot her pee was. Bikers looked at Victoria. Pedestrians looked at Victoria. Everyone on the bus looked at Victoria. Eyes exploded, jaws feel, it was as if all life stopped, everyone too engaged in Victoria’s stream to look away.

Victoria ignored all of the staring eyes. She knew how bad the situation was. Not only was she pissing like nuts, shooting a geyser far up into the pre-night sky, but she was also naked. Thanks to her body paint washing off, Victoria’s naked skin was exposed. There were still patches of her skin that wore pain, but a grand majority of her body was nothing but bare skin now. Even her large breasts were dripping with pee and liquid paint.

Victoria ran to the bus, unintentionally spraying the windows, making the passengers inside jump.

“Wait for me!” Victoria called.

“Sorry, lady,” the bus woman said. “We’re all full.” Admiring the piss coated windows, Victoria noticed that every seat was taken. There was no room for a single new passenger. Victoria suspected the bus driver also refused her due to her thirty foot tall urine geyser. No matter the reason, the bus driver shut the doors and drove off, leaving a naked and pissing Victoria exposed to a crowd of people, scattered all over the street.

This was probably for the best. Granted Victoria wished it was under better circumstances… But the bus took a crazy route back to her hotel. It would be much faster just to walk anyway. And it was a glorious evening out.

Victoria ran as fast as her feet could carry her, anxious to get home. As she sprinted down the sidewalks, she pushed down as hard as she could on her sphincter muscle, making her stream as powerful as possible. Victoria hoped that maybe she would be able to pee herself out by the time she reached home. But the best way to do that was gush as strongly as she could. Victoria shoved everything she had into voiding her Olympian swimming pool sized bladder. She gushed and ran, gushed and ran, all through the night.

Just like at the expo, Victoria accidentally soaked a ton of things in her path. She splashed an entire bus shelter as well as everyone waiting inside it. The people remained silent in surprise as they were covered in waves of gold. Victoria drowned a flower garden, causing every single flower in the bed to become stuck to the grass below. An Italian man shouted, “My flowers!” and then cussed out Victoria in Italian. Victoria drenched the windows of an apartment building, even the ones on the top floor. One of those windows contained a boxed off image of a couple kissing over two glasses of wine. Upon having their window soaked in wet incontinence, the couple dropped their wine glasses and jumped onto the table, throwing off the cake on top. Victoria even sprayed her stream so high; she covered several crows resting on the top of a lamppost in her yellow incident.

The entire street behind Victoria was now dripping in lemon colored bladder sap. After all of this, Victoria was still squirting like an out of control lawn sprinkler.

Victoria’s building was in sight. Unfortunately, even as Victoria rounded the corner to her hotel, she still felt as if she hadn’t drained a single drop. Her bladder still bulged from her stomach and her insides still felt like they were at the bottom of the Atlantic.

Knowing this would take a while, Victoria collapsed onto a lovely green bench just outside her hotel. She huffed and allowed her head to fall back. Her neck was resting uncomfortable on the bend of the bench, where the top curved downward. Victoria didn’t care. As much as she loved peeing, it was getting slightly tedious at this point. She couldn’t wait for it to end.

After standing at the urinal for an hour and then jogging home for an additional twenty minutes, not to mention standing on her feet all day at comic-con, Victoria’s feet hummed with pain. It was so nice to give them a rest. Her feet felt as pressurized as her bladder at this point. Well, Victoria has never experienced pressure like this full bladder before!

Victoria allowed herself to rest for an hour. She was past the point of caring what people thought. Throughout the next hour, Victoria’s steam sprayed straight up into the air, crashing back down into her, drenching the very source from which the eruption came. Many people passed by. Most of them went in or out of the hotel. All of them glared at Victoria side eyed as they passed along.

Eventually, Victoria got sick of just sitting there and unintentionally pissing all over herself, so she stood and began to explore the city.

Walking causally now, Victoria continued jetting everything in sight with a thermal spring of daffodil colored post soda spray. The fountain of whiz continued to glide far into the now pitch sky. It caressed Victoria’s body as it splashed down around her form. All while her pee hole expanded to the size of a grape, gallons of urine portaled from her body and bubbled down the sides of her face and legs. Urine ran in rivers down her boobs. The entire sidewalk became a reservoir of body waste. The urine hissed over the concrete, flowing down steam and into the street. Cars sped past, sending tidal waves of urine all over pedestrians. Victoria just laughed. This time, she hadn’t even been the one to spray the pedestrians, but they still got covered in her body’s elimination!

As Victoria spouted an entire upwards waterfall of wee, something she didn’t expect to happen happened.

People slowly stopped gawking at her and began coming up to her. It started with one woman who approached a spurting Victoria. Victoria had to give the girl credit for having enough courage to approach her despite how wild and uncontrollable her stream was.

“Are you still peeing?” the woman asked. “I saw you just an hour ago. You ran up and down these streets spraying your piss everywhere.”

“Uh, yeah, I had a full bladder,” Victoria said, patting her bulge.

In response, the lady began to undo her belt. “I have one too. Mind if I join you?”

“Not at all,” Victoria replied.

A blazing trail of piss shot vertically above the lady’s head. “Ahh…” she sighed. “Good pee!”

Victoria laughed and the lady laughed.

Victoria and two other women engaged in a pissing contest of height. All three women had their vulvas out and aimed them high. Victoria’s stream shot so high, it scraped the stars. The two women on either side of her pushed and shoved down on their sphincters, forcing their streams to gain more strength.

The two other women’s urine geysers weren’t even half as tall as Victoria’s! But the ladies all laughed and sprayed streams into the night.

Two guys asked Victoria to take a selfie with her. Victoria gave them both bunny ears. They snapped the picture while a yellow three hundred foot geyser erupted between them. There was another guy who recorded Victoria’s stream. Victoria possessed, holding a hand on her hip and turning her head away, winking at the camera, spinning in a circle allowing her pee to fly in an arc around her. The man cheered as he recorded the whole event.

Victoria walked down the street, chatting with a trio of women who also held their pussies through the fly of their jeans and squirted pee as far into the nighttime sky as they could manage.

There was even a newswoman who interviewed Victoria on live television!

“I’m standing here with a woman by the name of Victoria Moss,” the reporter said. “Victoria has been urinating non-stop for well over three hours now. And perhaps most impressive is the fact that her urine stream has reached a height of three hundred and twelve feet in the air. This event was first brought to our attention by a man by the name of Gerorge Smith who recorded Victoria’s massive stream and sent it into the news station. Several witnesses claim they have watched this majestic woman use the streets as her own personal urinal ever since six O’clock this evening. It is nine now, and Victoria is still going strong. Many others say they have urinated alongside Victoria, but her bladder captivity and her pee strength is no match to theirs. Victoria, do you have anything to tell the people watching you tonight?”

“Yeah,” Victoria said as the newswoman navigated her microphone below Victoria’s lips. “This piss feels amazing!” Victoria cried.

The newswoman laughed. “And I notice it is quite noisy as well.”

“Yeah,” Victoria smiled, patting her bulge. “It’s a heavy one.”

“I can tell, do you mind if I hold the microphone to your womanhood so we can properly capture the sound of this urination?” the newswoman asked.

“Oh, yeah, sure, of course not!”

The newswoman hunched over and moved her microphone so it was mere inches away from Victoria’s gushing labia. The roaring sound of an intense waterfall filled the microphone’s speakers. Droplets of urine landed on the mic.

“Fabulous,” the newswoman said, standing straight again. “It sounds just like a raging rapid. May I ask, how long have you been holding to accumulate a urination like this?”

“Over a day.”

“Over a day, wow! And how much did you drink?”

“Three liters of soda!”

“Yikes! Three liters of soda without a single bathroom break will do it! But even so, this is highly impressive! I wonder, Victoria, have you ever peed this much before? Ever come close to this?”

“I mean, I am known to spend a long time peeing,” Victoria mentioned. “I can piss for thirty minutes non-stop. I have a big bladder, as you can tell! But I have never done anything like this! In retrospect, I haven’t held my pee this long before and I haven’t had so much to drink in one go.”

“Do you think if you held this long again with even more to drink, you could recreate this night?” The news reporter questioned.

“Probably! We’ll have to see,” Victoria laughed.

“And what about the height? Have you ever peed this high before?”

“Not this high, no, this is a big pee, it’s all eager to get out,” Victoria scratched her nose. “That said, I have peed relatively high before.”

“What’s the highest you have ever peed that wasn’t tonight?”

Victoria pursed her lips in thought. She felt a few dabs of pee hit her lips. “Perhaps forty, fifty feet…”

“Incredibly! Do you like peeing with height?”

“Sure do!”

“Amazing! And I see you’re naked?”

Victoria decided not to go into unrelated details about her night. She would keep this interview strictly urine based. “I just thought, you know,” Victoria spoke into the microphone. “Why not piss naked through the streets.”

The reporter laughed. “Well, Victoria, may I join you?”

“But of course!”

The newswoman undid her jeans and maneuvered her labia through her fly. A powerful jet of hot liquid billowed from down below and entered the atmosphere alongside Victoria’s stream.

As spectators crowded around to take pictures and record, Victoria just laughed, allowing her stream to expand in size even farther. This was certainly one of the best experiences of Victoria’s life! For once, Victoria loved her big bladder. She hoped she would never run empty!

*037*2023-04-05 19:03

The wind howled like the lungs of a monster. Rainbow leaves flapped on branches before snapping off and blowing into the wind like a cloud of escaped kites. The air was cold, but spirits were high. Both in a literal sense as well as a figurative one. It was October 29th, and the world rejoiced as Allhallows Eve was just around the corner.

Angela wandered down the dark streets only illuminated by street lamps. She was dressed as a witch for the upcoming spooky holiday. A giant mass was sitting on Angela’s pelvis, making her stomach bulge and her knees knock together. Knowing she would have to drain soon, Angela skipped down the street in search of her target. There it was. Not only would she get some relief, but she would have a little bit of fun as well!

Snickered, the full-bladdered witchy woman rushed to a twelve-story building. Angela stood facing the building, exposed with her back to the street, not caring who saw. Pee dancing from the pressure, Angela unzipped her dark jeans and finished around inside for her vagina. Once her vulva was in hand, exposed to the bitter atmosphere of autumn, Angela held her pussy as high as she could, keeping her underwear pulled out of harm’s way. Arching her back for extra height, Angela released the storm brewing inside her potty organ.

A semi-clear stream appeared from the opening of her trousers. Urine shot into the dark sky, marking the windows of the apartment building. Angela held in her laughs as her head filled with ecstasy. Such a good piss and an even better place to do it! Angela took joy in releasing her bladder’s wrath all over the building. Urine poured from her vaginal lips and she guided her stream over window after window, showing them all in gold. Angela had her river circle the building, coating everything from the glass of the windows to the brick of the wall in biological waste.

Doing one better, Angela aimed at one window in particular which had a happy couple on the other side of the glass pane. Angela showered the third-story window in gold. Moving her pussy around and around, Angela drew words to life with her urine. Making streaks on the glass, Angela’s torrent spelled word after word. The couple looked on, shocked to find their window covered in yellow-tinted fluid. The pee formed lines and lines, marks and marks, finally spelling out the words, Who Doesn’t Love a Good Pee?

Angela could no longer contain it, she burst out a laugh. The couple looked horrified as they stared past the pee spelling and looked down at the streets at the culprit who took pride in her actions.

Angela drew more words on every window with life inside. Through the use of her urine wording, she told people how much enjoyment this brought her and how they should all swim in her pee. In one window on the fifth floor, there was a man reading by lamplight. Much to his dismay, Angela drew the figure of a penis. A penis drawn out with her urine and impressive aiming skills.

Angela was having the time of her life! Nothing brought more joy to her world than what she was in the process of. Well, there is one thing!

After a solid thirty minutes of window peeing, Angela decided to move on to phase two of her wet night!

The front door to the building swung open. An incredibly attractive gentleman emerged from the building. He lifted his foot, ready to step onto the sidewalk. Before he was able to do so, however, Angela turned her river and covered the man head to toe in her urine. The man yelped in alarm, holding up his hands which were now dripping with hot pee.

“Sir,” Angela called as she washed his hair in her stream. “If I may, you look real good in gold!”

The man rushed down the street. But he was just Angela’s first victim of the night. And with a bladder as large as Angela’s, her victims would be nearly limitless.

Person after person, Angela showered them in yellow liquid. As people came and went from the building, as they walked up and down the sidewalk, Angela coated them in wee. There was even one man who stood on the opposite side of the road, waiting for someone to meet him outside a coffee shop. Angela - staying on her own side of the street - lifted her vulva so high, her stream arched over the entire road and drenched the man waiting by the café shop doors. The man quickly ducked inside as Angela’s wave grew in velocity and even blasted directly into his ear canal.

A car drove past the mostly dead nighttime street, and Angela navigated her stream over the car’s side windows, soaking them in her golden flow. Angela even had time to sketch a middle finger in the back window as the car drove on.

Angela explored the streets, keeping her urine trail flying high a few feet in front of her at all times. Angela splashed a dog who was taking his own tinkle on the side of a tree. She also soaked two women who were making out in an alleyway. Angela even went as far as spewing piss all over a cherry lollipop of a homeless man when he removed the candy from his mouth. The man’s eyes grew in shock as his pop was now dripping with fresh hot whiz.

Angela was a menace and she was proud of it!

It had been yet another thirty minutes and Angela’s bladder still wasn’t nearly empty. She didn’t care how many people she splashed (which was a lot at this point), she still had to piss like a racehorse. That’s one of the consequences of having an elephant-sized urinary bladder.

Walking down the street in the direction of Angela was a woman dressed in a witch’s black dress and black pointy hat. She carried a broom in one hand and wore a purple ribbon as a belt. Attached to the belt were half a dozen vials, all filled with different shades of color. Almost like potions of some sort. Also inside her belt was a long stick made of red oak wood. Strange choice of fashion to carry around half a tree branch, but okay. But what really caught Angela’s attention was the breasts on this lady. Angela was surprised they made witch clothing this large. 

The woman’s entire costume was stretched from the massive boobage she was forced to carry around. If Angela squinted, she could even see the woman’s nipples poking out from under her dress confirming that she wasn't wearing a bra. Not too surprising given they most likely don’t make bras that size! Angela assumed this lady was dressed as a witch for Halloween. It was a bit early, however. And this woman was much too old to be trick-or-treating. Although, Angela shouldn’t say anything. She was also a grown woman dressed up as a witch. Angela had to give this lady credit. Her costume was twenty times better than Angela’s which was just black clothing and a hat. But Angela also had a witch’s pin on her left breast.

Angela pressed her back to the bricks of an alley. Her urine gleamed several feet in the air. Angela clamped a hand over her mouth to hide her giggly nature. Here goes nothing.

The woman dressed as a witch came closer. Angela would put this little witch in her place, make her see Angela as the true ‘magic’ wielder! Angela was the one true witch of Halloween!

Angela jumped from her hiding spot and fired urine at the witch. Angela’s pee splattered against the woman’s face, running down her skin in a dozen streams like little yellow veins. Angela expected the woman to jump, startled at Angela’s sudden presence. If nothing else, she should have been grossed out by the urine pelting her face. Instead, the witch just stood there looking unimpressed and unamused.

Angela forced her stream to grow in power, dousing the witch’s entire face in a geyser of gold. Yet, the witch didn’t even flinch. She just stood there, staring back at Angela, with zero reaction. She didn’t even close her eyes. The witch just allowed herself to take this unwilling golden shower without so much as a rebuttal.

Angela found herself upset by this turn of events. Seeing people’s disgusting reactions was half of the fun. Why was this lady taking that away from her?

“You done yet?” The witch demanded eyebrows knit tighter than patterns on a quilt.

Angela hadn’t expected this response in a million trillion years. “I… I… I’m peeing on you,” Angela’s doubt caused her stream to waver.

“So I see,” the witch replied emotionlessly. “Now stop if you know what is good for you.”

Angela was perplexed. How dare this lady to threaten her? Who did she think she was?

“I’m a witch too!” Angela shouted. “I’m challenging you!”

The lady was silent for a moment, just allowing herself to be peed on. “I don’t think you wish to do that,” she warned. “I am a real witch!”

This statement was so unbelievable, Angela couldn’t help but scoff. “Sure you are, whatever you say, friend.”

“I am not your friend,” the witch deadpanned. “And I am serious. I am a witch and if you do not take your urine away from me, bad things shall happen to you. Final warning.”

“Okay,” Angela replied. “Here’s what I think of your ‘final warning’...” Angela pulled her stream back and lifted it higher. The witch didn’t even look up. She didn’t have to. It wasn’t long before she felt a waterfall cover her hat, making the fabric sag. Urine pooled on the brim and rolled down the edges of her witch hat, covering her eyes in a curtain of several streams of pee. “What you gonna do, bitch?” Angela challenged.

The witch grit her teeth. “Cut out this nonsense or else I’ll…”

The witch was cut off when Angela grabbed her arms and yanked them through her sleeves. Angela pulled the witch’s blouse over her hat and tossed the wet piece of cloth into a pile against the nearest building. No blouse meant the witch’s breasts - which were big enough to be trampolines for rodents - hung loose and free. Angela tugged on her pussy and a river of gold covered her boobs, soaking them thoroughly right down to her apple-sized nipples. Rivers covered the witch’s boobs. Angela’s stream was steaming from the cold air mixing with the hot fluid. Smoke billowed from the spots where Angela’s urine connected with the witch’s melons.

“Now what you gonna do? Huh, huh, huh,” Angela moved her face closer to the witch’s on ever ‘huh’.

The witch let out a sigh. She either hated what she was about to do or couldn’t believe Angela was so stupid. Most likely it was the latter. “Okay, don’t say I didn’t warn you,” the witch said. “Two opportunities. That is overly generous if you ask me! Now suffer my wrath.” It was strange to hear someone say something so dramatic with such a calming voice. It was almost as if the witch was in this exact same position before with some woman peeing on her. Now she was simply used to threatening them in this manner.

The witch reached in her belt and pulled out the small twig Angela had noticed before. The witch waved the stick at Angela. As the witch spoke, her tone grew more and more angry, like she finally lost control of her temper.

“FOOL!” The witch bellowed. “MY NAME IS CORDELIA AND AS I SAID, I AM AN ACTUAL WITCH! I AM NOT DRESSING UP FOR THIS DUMB HOLIDAY! I AM A TRULY POWERFUL MAGIC USER! I HAVE ASKED YOU TIME AND TIME AGAIN TO TAKE YOUR FILTHY PISS AWAY FROM ME! YET YOU REFUSE! NOW IT IS TIME FOR MY RETALIATION! ON THIS DAY, YOU, ANGELA, SHALL NEVER AGAIN BE ABLE TO URINATE FREELY AS YOU DO TODAY! YOU ARE A DISGUSTING WOMAN, FILLING THE STREETS WITH YOUR UNTIDY PISS! NO ONE WISHES TO SEE THIS! AND THEY NEVER SHALL HAVE TO AGAIN! FROM NOW ON, ANGELA, YOU SHALL ONLY URINATE IN ONE PLACE AND ONE PLACE ONLY. THE PLACE YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO USE WHEN YOU NEED RELIEF! THE URINAL! TO PROVE MY POINT AND TO TEACH YOU AND YOUR DAMNED BLADDER A LESSON, EVEN THE TOILET WILL BE OFF-LIMITS! FROM THIS DAY FORWARD, YOU SHALL ONLY RELIEVE YOURSELF IN THE URINAL BOWL!”

“Screamings a little much, dude, I’m right here,” was all Angela had to say. She did find it odd that the witch knew her name. And under normal circumstances, that may be a cause for alarm. But one look at her crotch had Angela reassured. Out of her pussy continued to spray a thick stream of bladder discharge. Here the witch was supposedly cursing Angela, yet, Angela still found herself peeing and she was certainly not at the urinal. “Looks like your little hex failed, sweetie,” Angela said proudly. “I’m still gushing away over here!”

The witch just smiled. It was a nice big smile that showed every single one of her teeth. Even the molars. It was almost like she had bad gas. The witch aimed her stick at her crumpled-up blouse and the garment launched in the air and soared into the witch’s outstretched hand. Okay, that was a little odd. But again, Angela was still peeing. Even if this witch spoke the truth and she was real, she was magic, clearly… She wasn’t too good at her job. Angela was still peeing after all.

“You should get a move on,” the witch said through her toothy grin. That was an odd thing to say. Before those six strange words could even sink into Angela’s brain, a fire started at the witch’s feet. The fire shot up until the witch’s entire body was consumed in the flames. Strangest of all, this wasn’t your typical orange fire. Rather, it was a show of red, blue, purple, and even green flames. It was an entire rainbow of embers intermingling with one another. When the fire finally died… Cordelia was gone. Angela’s urine - having lost its target - now pattered against the pavement.

After seeing that episode… Angela had a bad feeling in her gut as well as her bladder which surprisingly was feeling extra full.

Angela continued to venture around the city and splash any pedestrian she saw. But as time wore on, Angela grew a bit concerned. It had been ninety minutes now since she started her urination. That wasn’t the concerning part, however. Angela had a massive bladder! Her bladder was so large, scientists could take a submarine down to observe the life at the depths of her bladder walls. But even ninety minutes was a bit long for her.

Normally, Angela still would be unphased. But as it was, even after a ninety-minute long stream, she was still bursting full. And as the minutes ticked onward, her bladder only swelled in size. Rather than shrink like any other bladder would, Angela soon found a growing lump at the base of her navel. The bump expanded until it was the size of a basketball, then a cantaloupe, then the tire on a car. And it was still growing. Even as she sprayed, the pressure grew inside, pulsing on Angela’s poor pelvis. The pressure was unbearable. Angela grit her teeth, feeling ready to black out from the pain. The more she peed, the more the pressure rose.

That was the first warning sign. Second warning sign: Her urine stream continued to rise in speed, power, and width. The scary part, however… Angela had zero part in that. If anything, she was trying to decrease her stream’s outburst. Instead, her bladder shot urine out at a rapid speed. Angela’s urine stream expanded slowly over the upcoming minutes. Eventually, her stream was so massive, you could easily row a canoe down it.

Angela’s pee hole had to stretch to make room for the hissing stream. Angela’s urine tube ached with agony, it felt ready to split in half like a piece of straw. Angela’s urethral opening was so far expanded, you would have been able to fit a marble inside. Granted, her powerful rush would have dislodged the marble immediately.

Angela’s entire body throbbed with pain. From her bulging bladder to her pelvis to her pee hole and her pee tube, Angela was in excruciating pain. What started as a fun night was now nothing but agony and torment. Angela never thought she would say this, but she just wanted to finish peeing and go home.

But she wouldn’t stop. It was physically impossible to stop. Passersbys must have thought that Angela was at her breaking point. They must have assumed she held this in for a week and just couldn’t hold back anymore. Ironically, however, Angela had been urinating for an hour and a half. Her bladder was on the larger side, sure, but this was getting to be ridiculous!

Angela’s stream had grown so wide, that her jeans quickly became wet and dark. Her stream was far too large for her pants opening. Urine broke away from the main powerful jet and ran down her legs, turning her jeans even darker than they were previously. The entire front of Angela’s jeans was soaked. She was forced to take them off and toss the soaked pants and underwear into the nearest trash can.

That wasn’t the only clothing problem she faced, however. Ultimately, her stream blew from her vulva with such a fury that her shirt became drenched. Worse yet, her stream continued to climb to strength and after a little while longer, her urine was scraping the underside of her boobs. Angela’s stream was pointed down at this point, yet it was so powerful, that it flew back toward her and cut across her breasts.

While Angela’s boobs were only half the size of Cordelia’s, they were still massive, a solid double D. Angela found her shirt plastered to her body, as wet as a swimsuit.

Soon, Angela’s entire stream was so strong that it took up the entire lower half of her body. Somehow, her urine was even strong enough to slice between her breasts, shoving them to the sides. With this much power, Angela could chop steel with her stream. Everything on either side of her was thrown away from the blasts of her stream.

Running down the street in a desperate attempt to locate assistance, Angela’s stream accidentally blasted a man. The man flew backward, sailing across the buildings of the city, screaming as he descended past the horizon.

Angela truly felt guilty for that one. She hadn’t even intended to splash him, certainly not throwing him halfway across the city. While Angela loves pissing on people and things, she never meant to hurt anybody. Angela was no longer a menace. She was now a felon.

There was only one thing Angela could think of. Maybe that witch’s magic was real. She was able to summon her blouse and disappear into a wall of fire, after all. And if the witch’s magic was real, that means the witch truly did curse her. And if the curse was real, that would explain tonight’s events. Angela just wished the witch had been straightforward with her. Why couldn’t the witch have just told her that yes, she could only safely pee in the urinal, but if she tried to pee anywhere else, this would happen? The witch said Angela could only pee in the urinal, she took that literally. To be fair, witches probably don’t survive off of being straightforward with their victims. And Angela had challenged the witch by spraying her… And removing her top. But how was Angela supposed to know that the witch’s powers really existed? She thought the witch was just a lady in a costume. Halloween was just a couple of days off, after all.

Seriously, what witch visited a mortal town around Halloween? Come to think of it, that was probably the safest time for them, actually, when everyone was in costumes.

Angela could debate all of this later. Right now… She had to find a urinal and fast! It was her only hope!

Angela ran around town, barging into every public bathroom she came across. But sadly for her, every single urinal she found was full. Women would line the walls, pussies out, piddling happily into the bowl while Angela was denied her own relief. When Angela ran into the bathroom, the women would look on at her in disgust as Angela unintentionally drowned the walls in golden water. Angela would beg the women to allow her access to the urinal bowl. But they would refuse, insisting that they just started and Angela would have to be patient. Like they didn’t see the geyser between her legs, the jerks!

Angela tried countless bathrooms, all of them full. Some even had lines. And while the lines for the ladies’ room moved swiftly (as they always do with the women’s restroom), Angela didn’t have time to wait. She would sprint into the restroom, douse the place, notice the urinals were packed, run out, and try again somewhere else.

As she ran about, Angela’s stream continued to grow in power. It was so strong now that it nearly had the power to blast Angela around like a fish on a hook. Angela’s pussy ached. The jet powdered its way down her twitching tube, causing her hole to expand so wide, all Angela felt was pain. And yet, there didn’t appear to be an available urinal in this town.

Trying yet again, Angela booked it to the nearest Stewarts shop. But this time, her luck went from bad to awful.

Angela ran into the shop and wasn’t even able to check to see if the bathrooms were full or not. Angela charged in and squirted a display of sweets so hard, the entire rack crashed to the ground, the candy wrappers dripping with piss. Angela’s eyes swung around in search of a restroom sign. She found none.

Angela turned her gaze to the cashier who was cowering behind his register, trying to avoid the woman with the monster-sized piss stream.

“Sir, where’s your bathroom!” Angela cried. “It’s an emergency!”

As if the man needed to be told that. “I’m sorry, ma’am…” he cowered. “But you can’t… Pee… All over this shop, please leave.”

“I CAN’T HELP IT, YOU TWIT!” Angela erupted, pain making her delusional. “I NEED THE URINAL RIGHT THIS SECOND!!!”

The cashier continued to tremble. “I… I c… I can’t let you in here with…”

“OH, FORGET IT!” Angela didn’t have time for this nonsense. Hosing everything in sight, Angela spun around. Her stream was so powerful, it was able to blast the door open. Door dripping in waves of tinkle, Angela fled from the Stewarts and continued her hunt for a urinal can.

The search proved to be futile. No matter where she went, the bathrooms were full or the shop owner wouldn’t even let her in the door. Finally, she had no choice but to ask strangers to use their restroom.

As awkward as it was, Angela would pound on doors, impatient awaiting an answer. She knew Cordelia claimed she was forbidden from even weeing in a toilet, but seeing as every urinal in the city was occupied, this was her best bet.

But when the door opened, the stranger on the other side would yelp, watching the woman blasting their front stoop with a tsunami of urine. Angela was in utter tears now, unable to keep herself from pissing all over the men and women that answered the door. Naturally, they all shut her down, not wanting a gushing woman to enter their house. One man tried to slam the door on her. But Angela’s urine stream was so powerful, it shoved the door back open. The man had to push and push his entire weight into his door, shielding the inside of his house from her golden explosion. The man finally managed to slam his door, blocking out Angela’s flurry of hot kidney water.

Angela cried and sweated, ready to lose all hope. Her bladder was so large now, she couldn’t even see in front of her face. The only thing Angela still wore was her wet shirt, and which was so damp, you could easily see through to her nipples. Angela was out of options. The pressure was at an all-time high. Angela had no idea a desperation like this was even possible. Yet, the more she peed, the more pressure was placed back inside her bladder ball.

Angela was ready to give up and accept her miserable fate. But an urgency like this kept her going. Angela didn’t see the point in continuing, however. She has had to have tried every bathroom in a ten-mile radius. Begging a group of pedestrians to direct her to the nearest restroom - and rejecting all of the bathroom suggestions she already tried - they finally told her of a restroom building only a couple blocks away.

Angela could hardly stand. The pressure in her bladder dragged her to the ground like an anchor, but she forced herself to march along, urine spraying the city in gold. Angela’s urine glittered in the moonlight. The heavy-bladdered lady waddled on.

Angela struggled to stand, but she slowly made her way to a small building that was dedicated solely to bathrooms. There was a men’s and a women’s room. No surprise, after much hardship to reach this bathroom, there was a line for the only urinal inside. What idiots would design a women’s bathroom with only one urinal! There was also a toilet inside, but none of the women used it.

Angela would have just used the men’s room. But two issues with that solution. One, there wouldn’t be any urinals. And if the witch’s curse was to be believed, Angela wouldn’t be able to pee in the men’s room anyway. She would only get more desperate as she hosed down their lavatory toilets. But the second problem was, there was also a line for the men’s room. And no surprise, the men’s line was three times as long as the ladies. This whole situation was hopeless!

Yet, there was no point in searching for another urinal at this point. They were all filled up. If Angela wished to feel better, she would have to wait in this damn line. It was her one and only available option at this state in her bladder’s bloatedness.

The line was small, only three women in it. Still, Angela wished they would just use the damn toilet already! That would make the line go by much faster. Angela - unlike them - was unable to use a toilet. If only they did so she could successfully drain her pain faster. But Angela understood why they didn’t. Toilets were gross. And urinals were both fun and convenient. Angela only used a toilet as a last resort as well.

Angela was forced to double down on the sidewalk outside. She did everything in her power to stop peeing. She slammed the brakes, bearing down on her sphincter muscle, doing the most intense kegel exercise of her life. But nothing helped. Urine gushed from her crotch as though she hadn’t peed in years. Her shirt was wet and smelled, it was wrinkled and showed her bare tits. Angela didn’t even know dark clothing could do that! But seeing as she was already bending the laws of physics with this urination, why not?

Angela remained on the ground. She cried into her bladder bulge which was as large as the full moon in the sky. Urine spewed from her labia, soaking the lands in her agony. Angela just wanted this to be over. Her bladder was so massive, it should have physically burst a long time ago. But somehow, the witch’s spell was keeping it intact just to suffer even more.

The woman at the urinal finally finished and the first woman in line stepped up, spread her legs, unzipped, and began to trickle calmly. They should let Angela go first. Didn’t they realize her situation!?!

Angela - as much as she hated to admit this - understood the irony. This was her comeuppance for peeing all over the city for fun. She peed on people and buildings and animals. Maybe she got what she deserved. No, no one deserved this pain! If Angela ever met that witch again, she would wring her neck.

The line moved relatively fast. But as Angela was forced to soak the street, she knew the line wasn’t moving fast enough!

Angela continued to power piss all over the concrete. Her urine collected below her, soaking her now bare legs. The urine ran in a massive twelve-foot-wide stream down the street. As cars speed by, their tires splashed urine into the air.

Angela threw her body back. This caused her stream to arc straight up into the air and sprinkle down all over the crowd of waiting bathroomgoers like the world’s most powerful showerhead. The people standing before Angela in line looked back at her. Some of them looked concerned while others were simply annoyed and disgusted.

After an eternity of pressure shaking her entire form, Angela was finally next in line. The woman before her who was dressed as Kekko Kamen - supposedly for Halloween - stepped up to the now free urinal. Since her costume was mostly nude, the cosplayer just had to place two fingers on her pussy and angle it down into the bowl. The sound of a faint stream appeared. It was a dull echo, liquid off of porcelain. But it was enough to drive Angela’s bladder wild.

“Hurry…” Angela muttered in a voice so low, it was barely audible at all. Urine caressed her body, flying twenty feet above her head. Angela was half naked and she now knelt on the ground. Her body was in more pain than she ever imagined she would be able to handle. Her piss hole was gaping wide to the point a colony of ants could call it a home. Her bladder was like a solid chunk of an iceberg that could have frozen a baby velociraptor. Her whole body quaked with pain and yet no matter how strongly she urinated, the urge just kept building.

If only she could stop… She may be left with the current pain she felt, but at least it wouldn’t get worse. But the curse has already proven that Anglea couldn’t stop the stream. Her body was too weak to even try.

Now she understood fully what Cordelia meant that she should get a move on. If she found a urinal quickly instead of wasting time peeing on people… Or if she waited in line at the first urinal she came to… She had to wait in line anyway, what difference did it make?

None of it mattered. Angela was in so much pain, she would rather die than keep up this torment. Her bladder walls were so stretched, her upper body was consumed in the folds of her bulge. She honestly could imagine her bladder exploding. But no matter how much torment, the witch’s curse wouldn’t allow that. Her bladder would reach the size of a blimp and she would still be forced to endure this suffering.

As she was forced against her will to wait for Kekko Kamen, Angela dreaded reaching the urinal. As gracious as the relief would feel, she feared it wouldn’t work. What if she stood at the urinal and as she sprayed, her bladder filled? Was this going to be her new life? Spraying everything in sight and only getting fuller? No, the witch may be cruel, but surely she wouldn’t be that cruel.

Plus, what lesson would that be? You’ll be in pain no matter what you do, so just pee everywhere. It was right in the witch’s hex. Cordelia desired to teach Angela a lesson about peeing on people, animals, and property. Angela’s punishment was only to use a urinal. That would make sense.

As furious as she was with Cordelia, Angela had to give her props on her creative punishment. Teaching Angela her lesson about public urination and vandalism by making her pee in the urinal only was pretty smart. And making her bladder fill and her stream stronger whenever she pissed in public might have been deserving. Angela just wished the witch allowed her to start this new existence on an empty bladder. Granted, she may not have learned her lesson that way. If she could pee in the urinal from the beginning rather than go through this torture, that wouldn’t have been much of a lesson, now, would it?

A dreaded thought crossed Angela’s mind. What if Cordelia planned this ahead of time? What if she used some spell to make every urinal in the city full at the same time and even gave some of them long lines? That would have been an extra layer of maltreatment for poor Angela.

Over time, as the moon continued to climb in the night sky, Angela’s mind began to go numb. The torment was so storing, she could hardly think. Her vision was clouded by tears. Her bulge had grown to the size of a garbage bag filled to the brim with water. Her bulge was beaded with droplets of sweat. Angela’s sphincter was open so wide, it should have snapped in two like a wishbone. Urine flew from Angela’s pussy lips. The entire sidewalk was now a swamp of pee and more just kept coming. The road had a yellow river going down the side. Angela felt pressure galore, more pressure than she imagined could exist in one spot. Her stream was nearing the size of one of Niagara Falls’ smaller side waterfalls. Angela never experienced so much bodily pain in her life.

To make matters worse, Kekko Kamen remained at the urinal bowl. In her antagonizing state, Angela had no clue how much time passed. But she was quickly growing tired of this shit. Able to feel her bladder’s pressure in her chest now, Angela knew something had to be done.

She had been overly patient at this point. Angela of all people understands full well what it’s like to have an enormous bladder captivity and to take forever to fully void. But after what she assumed was half an hour, she was over this.

Angela tried to stand. With her bulge in the way, it made standing up as easy as if she swallowed a watermelon whole. But she did it. Her legs shook like Jell-O in a level-five earthquake. She hobbled forward.

Kekko Kamen shuttered as she felt urine dose her leg. But she remained fixed in front of the bowl. Her mostly naked body flashed Angela who was ten seconds from detonating like the Tsar Bomba.

Angela shoved her massive bladder’s weight into the still-urinating Kekko Kamen. Angela’s agonizing bladder bulge was good for something after all. It smashed into Kekko Kamen and threw her aside like a boulder launching a pebble on the other side of a plank. “MOVE!!!” Angela felt slightly bad for her outburst. But Kekko Kamen had her chance to relieve herself. Now it was Angela’s turn.

Kekko Kamen was still mid-stream. She cursed as pee ran down her leg from the sudden change in position. Her feet stumbled over each other as she attempted to regain her footing. “Hey! I was using that!” She shouted, silencing her stream.

Angela stood so close to the urinal, her vagina was directly above the urinal cake. She slammed both hands against the wall before her, and her pussy gushed an ocean of pee. It was like fitting an entire sea into a kitchen faucet. Urine sped out so quickly, the bowl filled in less than a second. Urine ran over the edge and turned the floor into a yellow slip-n-slide.

“T… Tooo baaadd…” Angela panted. For the first time since she met Cordelia, she actually felt relief. The bliss of finally expelling her waste for real was so fabulous, Angela gained an instant orgasm. Her entire body flooded with ecstasy as fast as the urinal filled with pee. Urine quite literally exploded out of Angela’s pee hole and created an ocean in the ladies’ room.

Urine steamed from Angela’s widely extended urethral opening. It flowed from pussy to urinal and poured onto the floor. Angela didn’t care. It was the most wonderful feeling she has ever felt in her whole life. She had never been so relieved to simply pee than she was at this moment in time. Angela lightly smashed her head against the wall. She had her body twisted at an angle so her urine wouldn’t flow into the air and soak her anymore.

Knowing she couldn’t flood the bathroom, Angela made a fist and slammed it down on the flusher. Water filled the urinal bowl, overflowing it even more. But the water carried the pee down the pipes and was gone. All of this only for the urinal to refill in a matter of seconds. Angela’s stream was a tad slower now, but still so powerful it was ripping her pee hole in half. Angela continued to pound her fist up and down on the flusher, swiping her pee down the urinal drain a little at a time. The urinal cake was swimming in a golden river. Angela’s whole body tingled as her bulge slowly shrank. Urine fled from her labia at speeds she previously thought unimaginable. Nothing in this entire valley of universes was as refreshing as scraping the uncomfortable pressure brought on by an overloaded piss tank.

“I wasn’t done peeing,” Kekko Kamen snapped.

Flush, went the urinal. “You are now,” Angela replied, flushing the bowl instantly before it filled again.

“I still have to go,” Kekko Kamen retorted.

“Bro, do you not see the stream coming out of me!” Angela demanded. “I’ve been watching you piss for so fucking long, it’s my turn now!”

“Fine,” spat Kekko Kamen. “Then I’m pissing on you.” Kekko Kamen positioned herself so her leg was scraping Angela’s. The Kekko Kamen cosplay character pointed herself at Angela’s thigh. A thin stream of whiz ejected from her partially drained bladder and hit Angela’s leg.

Angela didn’t care at all that this woman was peeing on her. On the contrary, she kind of enjoyed it. At this point, Angela was already soaked head to toe in her own urine as it was. She kind of liked the feeling of a gentle stream for once cascade down her leg.

Angela was so caught up in the blissful sensation of relief, she hadn’t even noticed all of the other women that entered the bathroom in search of a biological break. These newcomers looked rather antsy. One woman held herself while another had her kneecap bent into the back of her opposite knee. One woman even pressed into her crotch and did the bathroom dance where she stood.

Of course, the stall was always available. But these ladies had no interest in a dumb toilet. They all sought out the urinal. Given Angela’s giant waterfall, these women quickly caught on to the fact that she would be a while. And with Kekko Kamen taking a leak onto Angela’s leg, these other women crowded around, refusing to wait any longer.

In desperate need to drain their bladders, they hiked up their skirts, unzipped their jeans, dropped their underwear to their knees, anything and everything they had to do.

Angela felt three new streams connect with her exposed skin. One stream was rolling down her shin. Another hit the small spot of her back. One lady even fired her piss stream directly up Angela’s butt crack. Feeling her ass fill with warmth only added to Angela’s orgasmic feeling. The other women all sighed of bliss, happy to get rid of their extra weight unfairly given to them by full bladders. No matter the cost, they were beholden to drain their tanks, even on a strange gushing woman.

The smell of urine wafted throughout the entire bathroom. No urinal cake in the world was strong enough to hold back the stench. Urine pooled around Angela’s feet, causing her sneakers to go soggy. Angela had given up on flushing at this point. The bathroom was a swamp of ripe urine anyway. Angela just held her arms in a pile on the wall and rested her head on them. She shut her eyes, allowing herself to see nothing but darkness. All of this while urine flooded from her lady bits and made a new place for itself on the tiled bathroom floor. Some poor janitor was going to have a rough night.

As she relaxed and gave up care, Angela considered that now - thanks to Cordelia’s curse - she would have to install a urinal in her apartment if she ever wished to urinate again. But she was fine with that. Urinals were epic! Having one in her own home would be killer! Angela could even invite over her girlfriends to show off. She could imagine how impressed her friends would be that she, Angela, was in possession of a urinal right in her own home!

All Angela knew in that moment was the blissful feeling of paradise. The internal pressure dropped as urine piled onto the restroom floor. What on earth would these girls do without urinals?!? Whenever Angela wished to orgasm again, she would just think of this glorious moment.

Such a wonderful heavenly feeling was cut short when Angela spotted a multicolored light appear inside her closed eyelids. Opening them and tilting her head to the side, all of the women were impressed as standing there when the flames died, was none other than Cordelia the witch. Cordelia’s blouse was missing, her breasts still hanging free. Apparently, the witch has yet to put her top back on. Probably due to her hidden love of nudity.

“I see you made it in time,” Cordelia smiled, leaning against the wall, all of the delight in the universe flashing in her pupils. “Looks like we had a small bladder leakage?” she joked, eyeing the rising levels of gold water on the floor.

At that moment, Angela instantly forgot all of her previous anger at Cordelia. Her anger was replaced by cheer which was replaced by horniness. After all, if it wasn’t for this witch, Angela would never know such an orgasmic urination!

Rather than respond to the false sympathy given to her by Cordelia, Angela reached forward, took a fistful of Cordelia’s boob in her hand, and yanked her forward until their lips met. The other peeing women all ohed in teasing. Angela’s rambunctiousness caught up to her, but the strangest part, she didn’t mind what she was doing. And even stranger, neither did Cordelia.

Angela wrapped her arm around the witch’s neck, pulling her into a tight lip lock. Angela could feel the witch’s colossal breasts press against her own in a hot breast battle.

Cordelia was shocked by this outcome. She would have sooner expected her victim to resent her. In lieu, the horny pissing big breasted woman smooched Cordelia with such passion, both sides were set in a blaze of arousal. Cordelia’s face resembled a strawberry as the very women she cursed earlier that night made out with her in front of a crowd of women, all of whom peed over the latter.

Pulling away from the witch, Angela happily circled her finger around Cordelia’s giant nipple. “You. Me. My place,” Angela said simply, making it blatantly obvious this was not open for a discussion. “It will take me forever to piss,” Angela said. “But once I’m done, we’re going back to my apartment for some fun. Capeesh?”

It may have been Angela’s confidence or maybe even her cuteness, but Cordelia choked out a quick, “Okay,” all with a face of bright red.

*038*2023-04-09 00:42

Endo Kazumi and Miyazaki Hanako walked side by side down the crowded streets of Japan. Citizens of the country walked in both directions. Some talked on their phones, some were out with pets, a few were disabled, some were jogging, some ate snacks as they walked, many were in conversation with others, some wore earbuds and listened to music, but they all had one thing in common. They were weaving through the massive crowds that flooded either side of the street. Getting through was like navigating the inside of a herd of buffalo. It was highly difficult not to bump into anyone as you walked past.

Kazumi and Hanako maneuvered their way around people, slowly inching towards their final destination. Both women had pelvises filled with water that they greatly desired to drain. While the urge wasn’t yet unbearable, there were times when either woman had to press her leg into her crotch or grapple with her hair as a means of distraction.

But all of this holding would soon be worth it.

The duo soon found the spot where they were told to go. An alleyway. Both women ducked between the two brick walls of the alleyway.

Kazumi was the first to pull down her light blue mask. Kazumi breathed a long breath, eager to finally be able to remove her dreaded face covering. Even though COVID-19 has gotten a lot better in recent months, Kazumi works in a hospital, so she is still required to wear a mask. And even if she wasn’t, she would still have been worried about contracting the horrible virus. Especially in a city as packed as this one! That’s why Hanako wears her mask after all. Out of fear of catching the disease of the century!

“Okay,” Kazumi said clearly now that her mask was pulled down. “Ready for this?”

Hanako was doubling over, hands in her pussy, wobbling back and forth like a spin top. Hanako had a much larger bladder than Kazumi, but to compensate for this, she also drank a lot more and has held it nearly twice as long. Hanako was nearing her limit (as grand as it was).

“This pee is desperate…” Hanako panted through her mask. “I have to go…”

“Then let’s go,” Kazumi said, teasingly wrapping her legs in knots and holding herself.

The two women quickly stood in front of the brick wall. Wiggling and squirming in desperation (particularly Hanako), the two women got ready to take a much-needed pee break.

Kazumi stripped herself of her red and black jacket and casually tossed it to the stone floor. This revealed Kazumi’s giant hanging tits which were nearly exposed. The one and only thing holding them back were two masks used as a makeshift bra that did no more than cover up Kazumi’s nipples. Kazumi realized this morning that all of her bras were in the washer. So, she tied three masks together. Two covered each of her nipples and the third covered her vulva, squeezing her butt's chubby cheeks in place. Personally, Kazumi quite liked this setup. She preferred these masks over traditional bras and panties. Her breasts themselves were hanging low on her chest.

Other than this, Kazumi was completely nude now aside from her white tights, one on each leg, and her nurse’s cap she still wore seeing as she came straight from the hospital to the protest.

Hanako on the other hand had just come from her university, so she wore a beige blazer, a striped tie, a white undershirt, a checkered skirt, and black tights. Aside from her mask, of course. Hanako was in the habit of pulling her lower garments down when she peed. She didn’t know why, it was just more relaxing. So, she quickly struggled to pull her skirt down to her ankles. (She didn’t wear underwear, so she didn’t have to freight about that).

Hanako’s partner in crime, Kazumi just had to pull her panties/mask to the side and she was good to go as well. Hanako - knowing how sloppy her pee could get - tugged up her blazer and undershirt until they were lifted above her massive breasts and rested below her neck. Hanako held her clothing in place while her two colossal mammary glands flopped around below her. Her nipples became hard from the air, thus they grew even more. As she held her shirt up, Hanako aimed her vulva at the wall without any hands.

Going handless, Hanako’s bladder caved into the pressure, and a jet of bright neon yellow urine rocketed from her neat little labia. Mask still covering her lips and nose, Hanako flipped her mop of chocolate hair behind her, her reddish-pink eyes glowing like rubies from the relief. Without even needing to aim, Hanako’s piss flew up the wall, showing the bricks in the exact markings she wished to make.

Standing to Hanako’s left, Kazumi started peeing as well. Holding her labia with one gloved hand, she used the other to tuck a loose strand of bubblegum pink hair behind her ear. Kazumi’s mask now resided on her chin, allowing her to breathe for the first time all day. Her sense of smell was tainted with the stench of fresh urine, but it was a smell that both ladies enjoyed.

Shooting out of Hanako and Kazumi were two thick trails of urine. The pee was so bright, one would have easily been able to mistake it for honey. This urine looked as though it should be on a sign above a highway, it was so dazzlingly bright. That was the plan, after all. The two women silently thanked all of the vitamins and supplements they have consumed over the past week. Nothing like a bright yellow urination!

Thirty minutes passed and the two were still decorating the wall with pee. They drew words and images along the wall. Given how bright their pee was, the words and images stuck to the wall. Hanako and Kazumi had already planned out the doodles they would make on this public property with the rest of the protestors.

Kazumi and Hanako have been highly busy the past few months trying to demolish a law of public urination. All of the goody-goody people of this dumb city hated the idea of public urination. There were fines and jail time for committing such an act. Like urination was a bad thing or something. Not like everyone on the planet does it… Either way, a large group of protestors formed (mostly women, but a few men are on board either for their wives or sisters or rarely for themselves. Apparently some guys (while very few in number) can pee outside). The protestors were determined to get this dumb law removed from the city. Then women could pee wherever they wished, just as God intended!

The leaders of the protestors told all of the women in the group to split up and pee in different locations. They sent Hanako and Kazumi here with instructions on what to write on the wall.

Truth be told, Kazumi was a bit nervous about this. Not because she was afraid to get caught, but because she wasn’t the best at pee drawing. But as she got into it, Kazumi discovered that she was better than she thought. In fact, she was highly skillful at drawing shapes and lines on the wall. Hanako was also very talented, but seeing as Hanako practices in the snow every winter, that wasn't too surprising.

The two women sketched their urine onto the wall. Kazumi busied herself with drawing images of several women peeing freely in public while Hanako wrote a message. Hanako wrote on the wall with her pee, ‘Stop harassing us just because we can pee standing. Us women are proud of who we are and we shall stay here and piss outside whether or not you like it. You cannot stop all of us from doing what we love. Public urination all the way! #FreeToPee’.

The images Kazumi drew were very detailed. She even outlined the women’s breasts and every strand of hair. Hanako, meanwhile, took her time and carefully marked each letter with as much clarity as she could manage.

After half an hour, Hanako had finished her wording and Kazumi was nearly done drawing the final woman. Thanks to how much they drank and how long they held (their giant bladders also had a hand in this), the two ladies managed to pee out the entire design onto the brick wall. The urine was dripping slightly, but the neon yellow sign stayed against the dark wall.

Hanako had been doing her best to hold still as a way to make the sign come out even better. Now that the sign was complete, Hanako began to panic. Her bladder didn’t even feel like it drained at all. Even though she had spent the past half hour of her life peeing out a forty-eight-word paragraph, Hanako’s bladder felt like it was splitting into two.

“Kazumi, I have to pee so bad!” Hanako gasped, pinching her legs together even while her stream fired out at full force. Unable to stop it even for a second, Hanako moved to the end of the wall so as not to damage the sign she had dedicated so much time to spelling out.

“Still?” Kazumi exclaimed.

“I don’t feel better at all,” Hanako moved her legs up and down behind her.

“Are you actually doing the pee dance while peeing?” Kazumi giggled.

“Don’t laugh,” Hanako snapped. “This is serious! My bladder feels ready to pop!” For the past thirty minutes, Hanako’s bladder has sent constant pangs up to her brain, letting her know that its discomfort levels were off the charts. The initial relief had lasted long enough to spell out the message, but now that Hanako no longer had her pee writing to concentrate on, she could feel the full brunt of her bladder smashing against her insides like a weasel trapped inside a couch. “This hurts…” Hanako’s eyes brimmed with tears. Her pussy was constantly firing gold, but her mind was numb from the pain.

Hanako tried to empty her bladder even faster by pushing as hard as she could. Up until this point, Hanako and Kazumi were already peeing rather high. They had to in order to write messages and draw pictures on this wall. But now with the giant and very full bladder of Hanako so strained to get it all evacuated, Hanako found herself peeing so high that her urine soared straight over the wall all together and landed somewhere in the distance.

Hanako’s pee hole expanded and her stream grew. Hanako’s powered pee gushed farther up than she thought possible. Her urine geyser dribbled a few trails of urine back down to her. A few short rivers landed on Hanako’s hanging breasts. One stream, in particular, circled her left nipple like a moat around a castle. Urine dribbled down Hanako’s boobs and Hanako pushed even harder still, adding extra power to this pee.

Piss erupted from Hanako’s privates in a stream so loud, it sounded like a whale was shooting an entire waterfall from its blowhole all at once. Hanako bared down on her teeth, her bladder still feeling rock hard and desperate.

Kazumi now finished her section of the wall and just like Hanako, she still had to pee, and she also still had to pee quite urgently as if she hadn’t gotten a thing out.

Kazumi moved to the opposite end of the wall, away from the mural. Looking down at Hanako, Kazumi worried a little. A power piss like this was sure to attract attention. Police would be able to see it from miles away. Either that or they would just assume a car wash exploded. No matter, Kazumi feared they would be caught. It was still illegal to piss in public at this time. That being said, what’s life if you don’t live a little? And Kazumi’s bladder was also very swollen (even after that grand pee she just took). What was the harm in joining her friend in forcing it out.

With a naughty smile on the nurse’s face, Kazumi pulled the mask covering her crotch as far to the side as she could. Then, she released with all of her might. A second bright yellow geyser blasted through broad daylight and fired nearly as high as Hanako’s - although not quite. The two women gushed their hearts out, trying their best to enjoy the relief. For Kazumi, it was okay, but as far as Hanako went (pun slightly intended), Hanako’s bladder was still so fat it was in agony. No matter how hard or how long she pissed, she could not seem to empty.

But that was the least of their problems. Police sirens were heard and the two women exchanged looks and knew they would have to pack it up and scram.

The problem there was, Hanako couldn’t stop peeing even if she wanted to. Kazumi would also struggle to clench herself off, for that matter. Neither woman could slow the flow let alone stop altogether. But public urination was highly illegal. If they remained here they would get fined and or thrown in prison. That left only one solution.

Twin fountains guzzling from between their legs, the two women turned and booked it down the street, all while urine reached the skies and then fell back to earth, pounding against their mostly naked bodies.

Kazumi and Hanako raced down the sidewalk, pushing and shoving the mass of pedestrians out of their way. There were shouts from the crowd as waves upon waves of glowing yellow bodily lemonade rained down on their skills. The crowd of dozens of tightly packed people was showing with the warm liquid from Kazumi and Hanako’s full bladders. The two women continued to parade down the street even as giant lagoons flooded from their labias.

Even as they ran, the two full-bladdered women pushed down on their privates, forcing the urine to spring to life at rapid speeds and douse everyone and anything in their path. Their streams flew so high above their heads, the streams didn’t even have an arch. They were two simple gushers that shot straight up from the pussies they originated from and then fell directly back down over the two bursting women and anyone unlucky enough to be near them.

The crowd tried to move out of their way. But with so many people around and the sidewalk only being so big, the crowd didn’t exactly have anywhere to go. People yelped as boiling hot piss splattered their faces, hair, and clothing, and even got into a few people’s eyes.

Despite the bad situation, they found themselves in, Kazumi and Hanako giggled in the most naughty way possible. This whole experience - while very, very illegal - was also incredibly arousing and exciting. Assuming they didn’t get caught, they would have to try this again sometime.

Thirty more minutes of "bladder bursting neon yellow vertical piss streams showing all of Japan" passed. Hanako and Kazumi continued to run. The good thing about this massive crowd was it was a lot harder for the pursuing police to catch them. Unfortunately, however, their giant geyser-style streams gave them away. The police could easily pick them out in a crowd. Especially because both women had giant barreling breasts exposed to the world. The police’s main issue was digging through the crowd to reach them. And they were working on it.

Hanako and Kazumi could feel the police right on their tail. They didn’t dare look back, but they could just feel the police gaining on them.

The crowd wasn’t helping matters. The crowd might not have had much room to avoid Hanako and Kazumi, but that didn’t stop them from trying. The crowd continuously moved to the sides of the sidewalk, allowing the spraying ladies to pass. The crowd gave looks of disgust as they flattened themselves against buildings or ducked under the cover of trees to avoid getting sprayed. One man even held up a large book and used it as a shield to protect his noggin from the blasting sprays of piss firing all over the city.

Hanako and Kazumi knew this probably wasn't helping their case regarding legalizing public urination, but what else could they do.

Even after an hour of this, Hanako struggled to walk straight. Not because she was shooting urine in her own face, but because she was oh, so desperate. Hanako had to knit her knees and stubble onward, forcing herself to stay ahead of the police. Her bladder was bulging farther from her stomach than she had ever seen. Her giant breasts were knocking together, urine drizzling all over them. Hanako’s pelvis still felt like a waterpark. Even as urine ran down her intense cleavage, Hanako only thought of the pain her heavy, unsatisfied bladder gave her. She peed as quickly and as powerfully as she could, but it hardly made a dent in her bladder’s wrath.

Sadly, their luck took a turn for the worse when police officers cut through the crowd in front of them. Turning around, the police officers chasing them stood only a few feet away. With urine climbing into the air above their heads, Hanako and Kazumi were surrounded.

With nowhere left to run, both women were escorted to the nearest police confine. When ordered by the police to stop pissing, both women reluctantly admitted that they couldn’t, which was the utmost truth.

The two women slumped along, their geysers still taking off above their heads. Neither pussy would stop its stream. Both women had stubborn bladders that would refuse to even take a moment’s rest from their endless streams.

Neither woman was too upset about being arrested. Truth be told, Kazumi has been arrested before so she knew perfectly what to expect. As for Hanako, she knew her mother would simply bail her out. Hanako’s mother not only supports her daughter, but moreover, her mom also supports the movement to legalize public urination that Hanako is a part of. Aside from the brainless policewomen who do exactly what the government tells them to do, every woman in Japan supports this movement. Hanako would be taken care of. 

Her mother would probably even bail out Kazumi as well. But that didn’t make the process of getting arrested any less humiliating. (Even if the two knew they would be okay and also didn’t care much about getting guided away by police). It was one of those things that while it might make you hang your head, didn’t do a whole lot to damage your self-esteem. Hanako and Kazumi still had loads of fun today and they weren’t going to stop protesting this idiotic law any time soon. This whole arrest was pointless.

As the two walked along, being escorted by police, a news crew showed up to record Hanako and Kazumi’s capture.

“Can you two tell us what caused you to urinate in public like this when you know very well it is against the law?” The newswoman asked, holding a microphone to their lips.

“We’re just against public urination,” Kazumi said. “We believe this law is wrong and want to get rid of it.”

“So you are taking a stand? Is that correct?” The newswoman asked.

It may have been Hanako’s imagination, but she thought the newswoman sounded a tad proud of these two women for taking a stand against such an important issue. Naturally, the news reporter didn’t say it aloud, though.

“That is correct, yes,” Kazumi confirmed.

“And why are you both mostly nude?” The reporter wondered, walking backward as she spoke.

Hanako and Kazumi exchanged glances, neither entirely sure how to answer that one.

“We pee better naked,” Kazumi replied, not really caring much about how strange that answer must have sounded.

“Does it bother you that nudity is a big piece of the reason against public urination?” The newswoman inquired.

“Not really,” Hanako said truthfully. “If people don’t want to see us naked, they don’t have to look.”

“Difficult not to do when your breasts are the size of a mountain,” Kazumi joked.

In retaliation, Hanako sprayed her friend’s cheek with urine, smiling as she did so. Urine dripping down Kazumi’s face, she twirled her privates and covered Hanako’s belly in a thick gloss of neon waste.

Finally, after twenty minutes of walking and non-stop urinating, they finally reached the precinct. Both Hanako and Kazumi knew for a solid fact that they had a lot more to void. Both women could feel their bladders more swollen than ever. Hanako in particular felt her body drowning in water. It didn’t make a difference in the slightest how hard she tried to drain, she was carrying around an entire keg of piss.

Obviously, the two prisoners couldn’t enter the building without flooding the place. The police officers were forced to take a step back and reevaluate their options. While the police argued and went back and forth, Hanako and Kazumi just looked at one another. They gave each other a silent exchange. They weren’t scared in any way, but they were deeply curious as to what was going to happen. They both hoped for a way out of this, but it didn’t look like any opportunity would present itself at the moment.

As if on cue, countless women lined the streets all around them. One by one, the police turned their heads to watch as dozens of women appeared all around the perimeter of the police-designated area. The women formed a long line. The women started at the police and the police back at them. Not breaking their eyes off of the police officers, every single woman in the line readied themselves. The street filled with the sharp sound of zippers being undone. A few women took off their pants or skirts altogether. Many pulled their clothing down to their ankles. But most kept their jeans on and aimed through the fly.

Then… Dozens upon dozens of urine streams shot from their vulvas. Urine flew through each hole, from every labia, blasting several feet into the air. The Japanese sky was filled with many archways made entirely of bright yellow urine. The urine trails flipped through the air and crashed down on the ground. The female protestors split into groups, urinating anywhere and everywhere they could. Some peed on the door of the building, some peed on the steps, some on the sidewalk, and some on the grass. There was a triad of women who urinated onto the police’s cop car, covering its windows with drawings of naked women peeing. There was even a lady who drew a circle of pee on the sidewalk, surrounding the group of police in the circle of pee.

The police stood there, inside their ring of bright yellow pee, transfixed, unable to comprehend the situation they found themselves in.

“We saw you on the news and came to lend a hand,” one of the leads of the protest said to Hanako and Kazumi. She then turned to the police and spoke directly to the female police officers. “Ladies, do you really want to live in a world where men control our bodies? We are the ones that pee standing up! We are the ones who should be in charge here!”

The policewomen exchanged looks. Then, the unexpected happened. The gaggle of female police officers stepped forward, unzipped their pants, and let it fly. This left the policemen standing back, even more, confused than before.

Smiling at one another, Hanako and Kazumi joined in the chaos. While the male police officers remained back, jaws slacked in astonishment, the protestors, policewomen, and Hanako and Kazumi all urinated over everything they saw. The walls, the windows, the cars, the flower garden, the stairs, the lampposts, the mailboxes, anything and everything they saw, they filled with pee.

Looks like no one was being arrested today. And best of all, just a few more hours and all of Hanako and Kazumi’s urine would be removed from their bladders and placed all over the city!

*039*2023-04-09 00:48

Heather Crowe and Rose Winters jogged down the early morning sidewalk. The two women bounced up and down through the park. The day was so primitive, that the sun wasn’t even up. The sky was light black, showing signs of increasing light levels, but not quite there yet.

As the two swung their arms and leaped across the sidewalk like two flamingos on water, Heather had to take a moment to grip her bare pussy. Heather could feel the short sharp hairs of her pubes prickle at her skin. The bodybuilder was currently in a desperate match against her bladder. She had a ton of Powerade and protein shakes before coming out this morning. Now her bladder was stretched to its max. Come to think of it, Heather didn’t recall peeing since noon yesterday. That much urine accumulating in her nethers spelled trouble for the strong woman.

Meanwhile, Rose was having a similar issue. Rose had several morning coffees to help her start the day. She also forgot to pee before going out, so the last time she went was last night. Rose never liked being the first to admit she needed to wee. But after seeing Heather so brutally grab herself, Rose knew it was safe to point out her own urinary issues.

Cursing before she spoke - like Rose was prone to do - the beautiful-skinned woman said, “I have to piss like never before!”

“Yeah, same,” Heather yanked her legs into one. “But I don’t want to stop running.”

“Who says we have to?” Rose demanded. Grabbing her pussy and aiming it upwards, Rose allowed her urine to fly free. A wall of golden nectar exploded from Rose’s bare vulva and curved through the skies, its arch being nearly fifteen feet high, thrice Rose’s height!

Heather smiled, quite enjoying this solution. But unlike Rose, Heather - an expert muscle woman - had enough control over her body that she didn’t even need to use her hands. Heather just continued to jog on and allowed her body to do the rest. Relaxing her sphincter, Powerade and protein shakes - in a much more yellowed-down form - spewed from Heather's crotch and flew a few inches higher than Rose’s golden arch.

Seeing as how the two women preferred to jog mostly nude, they didn’t have to dwell on undergarments to remove. They didn’t even have on pants! Other than sports bras, running sneakers, and Rose’s baseball cap and jacket, this dynamic duo was utterly naked as they ran through the pre-dawn public garden. No clothing, no restrictions, no stress. They just let their whiz soar to its liking in the skies of the early morning city.

The two women continued to casually cruise through the field while twain streams came out of them, gliding in the air, one from each lady.

Rose and Heather continued to jog forward, all while urine seeped from their privates and entered the outside world. The two gushing ladies were suddenly interrupted when they encountered another woman who came sprinting up to them, her eyes wide and her dimples showing.

“Excuse me,” the woman gushed. “I’m sorry to bother you, fine ladies… But I’m a big fan of yours!” The woman offered the duo a notepad and a pen. “Could I trouble you for an autograph, maybe…” The last part came out shaky as if she suspected Heather and Rose would deny her request.

Generally speaking, when someone sees two mostly naked women spraying their urine throughout the night, they are likely to be put off and avoid those two as much as possible. Yet this woman was approaching them and asking for an autograph. But Heather and Rose were used to that by now. *Sigh* It’s the life of a star!

Aiming their piss above their heads so as not to damage the fan’s notepad, Heather and Rose took turns signing their names on the pad.

“Thanks!” The woman exclaimed, squealing over her heroines. “You two are awesome!”

“Thanks,” Heather pulled her slipping bra up. Her giant breasts were trying to escape her bra. Her large nipples were the only thing pulling her bra up as the fabric was held onto her nipps like a hat on a coat hanger. “You seem pretty cool,” Heather grinned, knowing she was about to make this poor girl lose herself. “You want to pee with us?”

The woman looked ready to zip around the park like a motorcycle. “Me! Really!”

“Sure, join us,” Rose replied.

Putting her notepad in her back pocket, the lady quickly unzipped her jeans. “Okay, but I probably won’t be as good as you two,” she pulled off her pants and lime panties, showing off her thick forest of pubes. Tossing her clothing into the grass, the woman held her pussy and said to Rose and Heather, “Watch this… Look at the top of that tree.”

They turned their attention to the tree. The woman aimed and fired. A shot of piss fired from her pussy with all the power of a garden hose. The blast of urine stretched several inches wide. When it hit the topmost branch of the tall pine, the branch snapped off altogether.

“Whoa,” Heather said.

“Nice!” Rose nodded her approval.

More women approached Rose and Heather, all of them eager to get autographs. Rose and Heather happily sighed at all of the autographs offered to them. One woman even showed up with laminated pictures of Rose and Heather. Kind of bizarre she brought those to a park, but neither celebrity questioned it. Instead, the woman asked them to sign the photos and they took advantage of the laminated pictures.

While the woman held each photo, one in each hand, Heather and Rose stood a few feet away, holding their labia high. Heather and Rose each sighed the laminated photo with their pee. They placed their signature on their respective photo solely with their urine. Eager, the woman holding the photos promised she would freeze the urine in place on each picture and put them in framed photos that she would cherish forever.

It was only sunrise and an average jog had turned into a crowd of women gathering for autographs and or to join Rose and Heather in their peeing adventures. But again, this is just the life of a celebrity, what are you gonna do?

After so much excitement, the two celebrity peers suddenly felt even more desperate to go. Having held back till now, Rose and Heather came to a silent agreement. Time to show this town what they could really do! In response to that plan, both women relaxed their bodies fully, and geysers thrice the original size sprung from their womanhoods. The two women hooted and hollered to the early waking sky. They shot currents of urine that stretched tens of feet in high all over the park. Urine rained down, effectively watering the grass.

Streams now colossal, several more women noticed them from afar and flocked to them. Many women eagerly asked to join these two to which Rose and Heather happily obliged. Anything for their fans!

Streams now reaching heights of city birds, Rose and Heather walked down the main sidewalk, causing many heads to turn at their true yellow gushers. There was often another woman or two walking beside Heather and Rose. The groups of women would walk up and down the streets, proudly showing off their sky-scraping streams to any passerbys. Fans would collect and spray alongside Heather and Rose, following them along the sidewalk, peeing as high as they were.

Navigating the streets, women came and women went, they joined and left the group constantly. Whenever a woman had to pee, she walked with Rose and Heather. Whenever she finished peeing, she would leave. But Rose and Heather hardly ever stopped peeing after starting. Hence why they are piss celebrities! These two stream urine non-stop for hours on end. And today was no different.

Rose and Heather would walk in groups with other women, all of them fountain pee at an alarming rate.

After two hours of roaming the streets aimlessly and peeing with any and all women that desired to join them, Heather and Rose were finally approached by a news reporter who asked them a variety of questions about their urination habits including their maximum captivity and highest stream on record. While never actually having measured their streams, Rose estimated hers at around fifty feet while Heather was a solid forty. By the time the interview wrapped up, a massive crowd of anxious females was excited to spray piss alongside their favorite urine-related celebrities!

After a few more hours filled with pee fun, Rose and Heather - both of whom still had highly impressive streams - were approached by a second news reporter. She introduced herself as Maxine and she wore glasses below her messy fiery red hair. Her shirt was unbuttoned allowing a majority of her bosom to be relieved to the streets. The celebrities even spotted a large chunk of areola peeking from behind her unbuttoned shirt.

“Ladies,” Maxine addressed the two squirting women. “What is your take on public urination laws?”

Holding the mic to Rose and Heather’s mouths, this question caught the duo off guard. Normally news reporters strictly asked questions about Rose and Heather and their bladders specifically. It was a bit off-putting having this newswoman ask questions about public urination in general.

Rose cursed before saying, “Well, personally, Maxine,” Rose said. “Heather and I - no surprise - aren’t huge fans of these laws. We personally think these laws should be repealed. Urination is a normal and common thing that everyone does. And for us women, it’s fun to mark buildings or write our names in the snow or to pee on trees, etc. These laws should be taken down so us women can pee freely wherever we wish.”

Maxine nodded, her gaze lowered at the two jets rushing out of the two labias at speeds so fast, the gush was heard around the world. “I must say,” Maxine said, removing her glasses from her face and shaking her orange hair free. “Those streams are rather impressive. Never in my life have I seen urine streams with as much power as these. If you two do not mind, I wish to get a look at your urethral openings. It would be fabulous for the interview to see how wide they have become. I am truly in awe, ladies, at how much piss you both are sending out in such a short time. Since we started this interview, you both have had to free gallons a piece. May I please get a look at your urinary orifice?” Maxine clipped her glasses to one side of her unbuttoned shirt.

“Sure!” Heather cried.

Rose grabbed her vulva and tugged it gently upwards, allowing her stream to shoot even higher. This would make it easier for Maxine to observe Rose’s pussy now that it was at a higher elevation.

Maxine started with Heather. The newswoman motioned for her cameraman to come closer. The cameraman zoomed his equipment closer on Heather’s distended firing pee hole. The hole was so wide, you could easily stick an index finger inside. It would have been soaked with pee in a matter of seconds, but still…

Maxine squatted down to get a better look at Heather’s female organs. “Wow, Heather,” Maxine gasped. “Your meatus is huge!”

“Thank you, Maxine,” Heather gushed with pride.

“Can it go any wider or is this your limit?” Maxine wondered.

“I can try… You might want to stand back,” Heather suggested.

Taking a small step backward, Maxine gave Heather additional room to work with. The cameraman kept his camera fixed on Heather's squirting labia. Heather pushed as hard as possible, almost like she was having a bowel movement. Heather grinded down on her pelvic floor and sure enough, her urine hole expanded to an even greater width, allowing twice as much urine to flow in yet a more powerful gush. Now Heather’s pee hole was so wide, you could fit an entire gumball inside. Heather grunted, bearing down on her abdomen, allowing the urine to spring to creation in a powerful geyser that erupted fifteen feet into the air.

“Amazing, quite phenomenal!” Maxine exclaimed. “Let us take a look at you now, Rose.” On cue, the cameraman moved his camera off of Heather and onto Rose. Maxine moved up closer to Rose’s squirting pussy lips.

Rose picked up her labia, showing Maxine and her cameraman a clear view of her firing hole. Maxine lightly touched Rose’s thigh, pulling her labia apart. Rose couldn’t help but feel aroused at this newswoman touching her in her most sensitive of areas. Rose’s urethral opening - just like Heather’s - was giant and looked to be the size of a giant’s nostril. Rose blasted urine into the afternoon atmosphere, her stream flying as high as the tree tops. Just as Heather did, Rose tensed her muscles and forced herself to pee even more. Her pee hole’s walls separated even farther and as a result, the pressure of her stream grew. Rose’s urine was now touching the clouds.

“Terrific!” Maxine wailed. “Your pee holes have to be wide, I suppose. How else can you fit so much urine through those thin walls so quickly?” Maxine took Rose’s pussy in both hands and separated her lips as far as they would go. “Rose, your labia is so sweaty,” Maxine commented.

“Sorry,” Rose giggled. “Peeing with this much power is like exercise!”

“You can say that again,” Heather said, fanning herself, showing off her stubbly underarms. Heather had sweat dribbling down her face, four-pack abs, and muscular legs.

“You getting this?” Maxine asked in a hushed voice to her cameraman. He just nodded off-screen as he aimed his camera at Maxine who held Rose’s labia in her fingers. Rose’s piss hole was double the size of a quarter. Urine blasted from it at an alarming rate. “You two are rather impressive,” Maxine said, standing back up. The newswoman’s legs went into a knot. “But watching you two spray all over…” Maxine began bobbing up and down, a hand resting under her belt.

“Join us, Maxine!” Heather encouraged.

“Yeah, come on, Maxine, show us what you got!” Rosa agreed.

“If you two insist,” Maxine happily handed her cameraman her microphone and then began to undo her belt. Maxine pulled her pants and underwear down just a few inches below her crotch, just enough to show her hair-covered vagina to the world. Maxine held her pussy with her own hands and allowed a shower of tinkle to fire into the air above her head. All three urine fountains meet at one central point in the sky and all three bounced off of one another and rained down, coating Heather, Rose, and Maxine in their own fluid.

Lowering his camera - thus showing his face for the first time - the cameraman said, “Maxine, we’re out.”

“Nice work, ladies,” Maxine playfully wiggled her hips, forcing her stream to sail left and right.

“We’re no longer live?” Rose asked for confirmation purposes.

“Nope,” the cameraman pulled a rag from his front pocket and used it to clean the pee off his camera lens. “Show ended.

“Hey, can I walk and piss with you guys?” The newswoman asked eagerly, hope in her tone.

“Of course!” Rose cried.

“Let’s go have some fun,” Heather winked, running a hand over her spilling breast.

The cameraman just rolled his eyes and smiled at the trio of urinating ladies. Walking away, the cameraman muttered something about how girls will be girls.

For the next hour, Maxine followed Heather and Rose around. They sprayed everything in sight. At one point, Maxine got onto all fours, lifted her leg, and peed on the side of a fire hydrant like a dog. All three women drew with their pee on an ice cream store’s windows, spelling out the popular phrase with a twist. ‘I scream, you scream, we all scream for piss!’ After that, they had a fun game of pee tag. Maxine stripped down to nothing but her bra and all three women chased each other around while splashing each other with their hot wee.

Sadly, Maxine’s stream dribbled to a stop after sixty-two minutes of fun-filled urination. “I hate to say it ladies, but I think I’m dry,” Maxine said disappointingly. “But thanks for letting me tag along with you. I had a blast!”

Laughing, Rose and Heather aimed at Maxine and blasted her so hard, she fell backward. Rose and Heather each sprayed Maxine on one of her breasts. Rose sprayed the right and Heather took the left. The impact of the streams caused Maxine’s powerful boobage to smack her in the face and she landed on her bare butt in the grass. They all laughed.

Even after Maxine went home, Rose and Heather spent an overwhelming amount of time urinating across the entire city. They went on the subway and showered all of the passengers as they rode along for a half-hour trip. After that, they went into a fast food restaurant and urinated into plastic cups which were then sold to unexpecting customers. Rose and Heather even stood in the park and swished their hips around so much, they turned into lawn sprinklers and watered the entire park just by standing in one place. Urine flew high and the grass was hydrated.

The rest of the day sped past. Time flies when having fun and all that. Rose and Heather didn’t stop until the sun was going down. Fourteen hours of straight gush! That was impressive, even by their standards!

As the pissing duo returned to their apartment, they were already discussing the fun shenanigans they were going to get up to with their pee next time.

*040*2023-04-09 00:55

May Zedong was back and even braver than before. Once having been nervous about being nude and peeing in public, May now walked down the sidewalks in great strides, feeling no fear or anxiety at being seen like this. On the contrary, she sincerely hoped the entire world would look at her body. Once again, May lacked pants. Her waist down was completely bare of clothing. Besides her plum-colored beanie hat, the only thing May wore was a red and white striped sweater. And with the zipper halfway undone, May proudly presented her breasts. The two giant beach ball-sized boobs swung around with nipples as hard as stone. May was no longer sacred. Instead, she paraded the streets as if she owned them.

Granted, a big contributing factor to her current confidence was that she was now out with her friend, Sally. Sally - being a world-popular Twitch streamer and May’s best friend - was the one who inspired May to give exhibitionism a try. It was all because of Sally that May ever had the guts to do this in the first place. And now May Zedong was back on the streets just as naked as before.

Sally was also mostly nude. Sally wore a very tight black crotchless bodysuit that had her breasts hanging free. Her double-pierced nipples were on display for the world to see. Sally wore a single fishnet stocking on one leg and a fishnet sleeve on one arm. Sally held a shortened selfie stick which held her camera and her iPhone. While the camera recorded them directly to Twitch, her iPhone showed her the comments of their stream.

While Sally didn’t have too much of a problem walking along, May often had to stop, double over, and grab her exposed vagina. May could feel twelve liters of soda resting on her pelvis and it was seriously hurting the nudist woman.

“We’re just walking along guys,” Sally told her followers, giving them a peace sign and a kissy face as she spoke. “Looks like ma girl, May is struggling to keep the pace!” Sally looked behind her.

May anxiously had her legs twisted as she waddled along behind Sally. “Dude, we just had half a dozen Bladder Bursters each! How are you not desperate!”

Sally shrugged, making her boobs bounce. “Big bladder,” she said simply. “But if you gotta go… Let’s go!” Turning to her camera lens, “Guys comment right now if you want to see us go pee.”

“Please comment, you guys!” May begged. May held her pussy with both hands, keeping her eyelids closed, she marched rapidly in place. May’s feet were balls of light as she exercised up and down in a frantic attempt to keep the soda from emerging.

Smiling at her iPhone screen, Sally said, “Looks like most of you want us to pee. Good, 'cause your girl gotta go too!” Sally crossed her legs in front of her, trembling just as May was. In retrospect, Sally was overselling it for her fans, but she did feel a decent enough urge commanding that she release her waters.

“It’s a damn good thing my equipment is waterproof,” Sally joked.

“May I pee?” May asked in the cutest voice she could. May had sweat oozing down the sides of her face. Her naked vulva was also dotted in a field of perspiration.

Sally sweetly cupped May’s sweaty face in her hand. May looked on at Sally with pleading eyes, grasping her vagina as she stepped up and down, walking in place. “Sorry, honey,” Sally said softly. “But it’s not up to me. You’ll have to ask my followers.”

Mat turned her urgent eyes on Sally’s camera. “Please, you guys, may I go pee?” May pleaded, all the while twisting her legs together tighter. “I can barely hold it in. I drank so much soda! I must pee, please guys, let me go…”

The comments wasted no time in rolling in. Some of them taunted May by reminding her of water. One comment even had a link to a waterfall video. But most of the viewers - anxious to see the explosion rather than the desperation - told May she had permission to pee. As long as she did it in an extravagant way, of course.

“Looks like we’re peeing,” Sally lifted her skull baseball cap. She then grabbed her vagina and separated her labia with her freshly light blue manicured fingers.

“Finally!” May shouted. A group of men choose that time to walk straight past them. Naturally, the men all turned their heads to look at the two women with boobs hanging out and vulvas exposed. At that moment, May relaxed her muscles, allowing a fifteen-foot-tall torrent to rocket from her crotch and shower the sky in golden goodness. The men yelped in surprise and took a step back. That - along with the blessed relief - only added a smile to May’s face. Without even looking at the men - pretending she didn’t love having them look at her - May just had her back turned and peed and peed into the city’s skyline.

May let out a long sigh of relief. “Feels good, fam…” May moaned.

“I’m up next,” Sally eagerly spread her legs as though she was at the urinal. Sally lifted her pussy through her crotchless jumpsuit and sure enough, a powerful wave of yellow urine jumped from her labia and made its way through the air. Sally’s urine cut across the sky and once at its peak of fifteen feet, it showered urine particles back down to the passing crowd of gentlemen. The men quickly scuttled away as liquid straight from Sally’s pussy landed on their faces and clothing.

Sally and May drifted along the streets in a quest to get into as much mischief as possible. The two women happily peed in a garden that specifically had a sign asking people not to pee on the grass. Sally had fun shooting her stream into an open sixteenth-floor window and with true aim, she peed directly into a fish bowl in the open window's apartment. She imagined starling the fish that lived inside. The two soon passed an alleyway that had a woman standing against the wall and peeing. The woman’s friend was keeping a lookout despite her own needs. The second woman stood as lookout all while holding herself, jumping up and down, and begging her friend to hurry up. May solved this problem for her by peeing directly on the woman’s bladder bulge forcing the woman to spurt in her panties before giving in, unzipping, and spraying the wall as well with a satisfactory sigh.

Sally and May also took the time to urinate on anyone unlucky enough to cross their path. They even peed on a homeless man sleeping on a bench and an old lady in need of someone to help her cross the street. May and Sally were hazards to humanity and they were proud!

It had been thirty minutes since they started urinating. Feeling her stomach grumble over her hissing bladder, May suggested they get something to eat.

On their way to the hotdog stand, Sally told her camera, “Okay, guys, it has been about thirty minutes since we started and we are still gushing like Niagra Falls on crack! Take a listen to this hiss if yeh don’t believe me.” Sally casually placed her waterproof gear right up next to her vagina, her urethral opening spewing piss like never before. Urine spouted from Sally’s swollen pee hole, urine soaking the atmosphere around her. With her free hand, Sally ran a hand through her forest of pubic hair, passing over her clitorial hood piercing. “Lot of pee,” Sally said, while stimulating her clit for a brief moment. Sally then playfully slapped her own clitoris, feeling stray urine droplets dot her down their hair. “How yeh doin’, May Zedong?” Sally tempted.

“Pretty good,” May said, taking a break from walking to shoot at a plastic bottle lying on the ground. May blasted the bottle with her piss so hard, it was sent flying several feet away. Every time May passed the bottle afterward, she blasted it several more feet with the sheer power of her stream. It was May’s personal game of croquet. Only without the balls and with an extra surviving of urine.

“Let’s see your pissing pussy!” May teased, aiming the camera down at May’s genitalia. May wiggled her girl bits back and forth, causing her stream to swish back and forth across the pavement. May playfully splashed the camera lens, enjoying the idea of Sally’s followers feeling as though May was giving them all a golden shower.

May’s vagina now made up the majority of Sally’s streaming screen. May’s pee hole was also wide and urine gushed from deep within her body. The gush was nearly clear and fired into the air just as Sally’s did.

“Feel good getting that Bladder Burster out?” Sally taunted.

“Indubitably,” May replied with an okay sign. They both laughed. This only made their streams fire higher.

May and Sally joined the end of the hotdog line. The two women had streams that arched fifteen feet in the sky before tumbling back down to earth where they splashed over everyone in front of them in line. The people before they shuttered and gave looks of disgust. May thought it would be hilarious if these people were so grossed out that they left the line and May and Sally got their hotdogs first by default. Sadly, no, the people stood their ground and just ignored May and Sally. This disregard to the two gushing ladies only made May more playful.

May joyously peed on the woman in front of her’s leg. The woman shook off her leg like a wet dog, but she refused to budge. May then moved her stream up the woman’s body until May was turning her hair as wet as after the shower. The woman just stood there and May suspected she enjoyed this performance. After a few minutes, May and Sally were at the front of the line. The hotdog vendor gave them odd looks, but reluctantly handed them their meat. Having each gotten their two hotdogs - May ordered extra mustard on hers - they found a bench to sit down and gobble up the deliciously smelling food.

While they sat, they kept their legs spread and didn’t even bother to use their hands to aim. Both women just fountained urine over a dozen feet in the air while eating. Fortunately, their bench didn’t have a table, so they didn’t have to worry about hitting anything. Stray streams of urine fell down over the two while they ate and even sprinkled into their food. But they didn’t mind at all, they just ate up.

By the time they were done, there were two long flowing rivers of urine at their feet created by the falling geysers they shot into the sky. Subjected to gravity, the twin urine springs flowed back to the concrete ground and ran down the pavement away from May and Sally.

Once their hotdogs were all gone, the two women continued to explore the streets, their pee streams following wherever they went. Each woman’s stream appeared to increase in height with each step she took. Their fifteen-height streams were now up at eighteen feet.

“Would you take a gander at these streams, guys,” Sally chuckled, waving her stream in all directions, accidentally splashing May’s ear. May retaliate by soaking Sally’s thigh. The two ran around the streets laughing and splashing. “Oh, look, a convenience store,” Sally called, breaking away from the sidewalk and darting across the lot. “I have an idea, this is gonna be epic, you guys,” Sally smiled at the camera, her blue hair getting drenched in her falling urine stream.

Sally and May entered the small store, their streams going haywire off the ceiling lights and rebounding onto the floor creating a massive flood almost instantly.

While Sally’s stream blasted across the entire store, May was a bit more hesitant. Sally didn’t even notice at first, but May hesitated before entering the door. May - while a lot more confident - still had a long way to go. May wasn’t sure how she felt dousing an entire store from the inside. Peeing on the facade of a building was one thing. But to drench the interior…

But May couldn’t act like a coward in front of Sally, so she entered the store anyway. But May’s nerves got the better of her and her stream began to taper off. May continued to pee, sure, but her stream was much more weak and mediocre. May’s stream now resembled that of any normal woman. Her urine just trickled from between her lips, lowering itself onto the store’s tiled floor. Sally didn’t notice her friend’s reluctance to shower the inside of this place.

“Excuse me, sir,” Sally approached the man at the register. The man jumped, surprised by this turn of events. Two semi-nude women gushing all over his shop clearly wasn't on his daily schedule. “Can I use your bathroom?” Sally asked, trying her hardest to suppress her smile. Sally kept her camera low below the counter, afraid the man would ask her to turn it off if he saw it.

The cashier looked even more stunned than before. Sally could literally see the gears working in her mind. It made no sense why a woman - who was spraying piss as it was - would ask to use the restroom. What was the point anymore? Mine as well finish her bathroom accident. (Little did he know that this supposed ‘accident’ was one hundred and ten percent intentional!)

“I… I’m sorry, ma’am,” the cashier said, her eyes on Sally’s slobbering stream. “But the company policy says, you must buy something in order to use the bathroom.”

Sally turned her lips outwards, pouting at the clerk’s words. “Okay,” Sally sighed, directing her stream to ruin the bins holding candy below the register. “I’ll pick something to buy.” May casually stroll the store, looking this way and that. She moved her finger around the different sections as though in an intense debate with herself on what to buy.

Sally spent a long while at the drinks section while she showered everyone in piss. “I think I’ve had enough to drink,” she commented with a laugh. Sally then studied a display of chips where she doused every single bag in fresh kidney juice. “Nah, salt makes me drink and that makes me piddle,” Sally said. Sally eyed a shelf of toilet paper and laughed. “Toilet paper’s for men! I’ll pass up on that one, thank you!” Even as she said this, Sally shot urine at the toilet paper rolls with such force that she shredded the paper to bits. The entire store was dripping with urine at this point, almost like it had rained gold indoors.

“Uh, Sally,” May forced out her words. As embarrassed as she was, May had to say something. This was taking far too long and May’s average stream wasn’t doing it for her anymore. May could feel her lack of bladder strength catch up to her. Her bladder was infused with urine which badly wanted to come out. May wanted to spray everything like Sally was. But she was too shy. Outside was one thing… But in a closed environment like this?

May’s refusal to pee at full strength was causing her bladder muscles to cramp up, feeling as if she was holding an ocean inside. Sally turned to look at her friend. Sally frowned, seeing her friend go under so much stress. May was hobbling in place, a weak stream between her thighs. Sally has known May long enough to know how nervous she would be in this situation. Feeling slightly guilty for prolonging May’s suffering, Sally reluctantly returned to the front and ordered a can of gasoline for her car (in case it ever broke down).

The clerk’s expression switched from on edge to relieved in a split second. It looked as if she was the one draining a full bladder. This lady must not have loved Sally watering her store items. The cashier quickly rang her up and handed her the heavy can of gasoline.

“I’ll pick it up when I come back,” Sally said, accepting the key to the ladies’ lavatory from the cashier. “Come on, May.”

And the two women headed towards the restrooms, leaving the clerk to look around his dripping-wet store, already imagining the amount of cleanup she would have to do. Even the ceiling was leaking pee.

May and Sally expected the bathrooms to be small and for one person only. It seems that’s what many convenience stores are like. Many convenience stores they’ve been in any way. Plus, they did need a key. But clearly, the only reason for the key thing was so no one snuck a bathroom visit without buying something.

Either way, May and Sally finally made it into the ladies’ room. Before them, stood three urinals and each urinal had a woman in front of it, relieving herself without a care in the world. There was also a stall, but neither May nor Sally was too keen on using the smelly toilet bowl if it could be helped. But as both ladies silenced their streams and entered the bathrooms, they each felt the pressure rise drastically. The sight of occupied urinals was enough to make their full bladders go wild.

May especially was struggling to hold. May was forced to do a little jig as droplets of pee dribbled from her vulva and slid down her legs. Sally could tell just by looking at her that May’s bladder’s patience was dwindling fast. May had her legs crossed and she was sweating so much she could have been mistaken for someone who just jogged through the entire desert.

Sally looked at the urinating ladies and back at a struggling May. Grinning, Sally said, “May… Let loose!”

May was once again skeptical about this plan. She knew exactly what her comrade meant. It sounded like a kind of evil plan. But May’s bladder was swollen to the size of a small country. Even after hours of nonstop pissing, May still carried around a large ball of Bladder Bursting soda from this afternoon. The need to alleviate growing, May nodded. While she was nervous about this, May had to commemorate herself on how far she’s come. She was once scared to pee on a bus! Now… Now she’s brave enough to flood the streets with her piss. Plus, after everyone else, she’s peed on today, what’s three more?

May and Sally stood shoulder to shoulder, each woman grasping her womanhood and pulling it toward the ceiling. Out of them came two giant gushers. Each spray rocketed the trio of tinkling ladies.

The urinal crew all turned their heads, their eyes wide as they watched two strangers piss all over them from head to toe.

The women did their best to ignore them. One woman even scratched the side of her face. The women followed the ladies’ room etiquette and faced forward while showering the urinal cakes.

Once having their fill of these women, Sally rounded on May and blasted her friend’s large bosom in a powerful spray. May laughed as she felt Sally’s urine drizzle down her cleavage and soak her toes. May picked up her stream and tried to blast Sally in the face. Sally, however, expecting this, held a hand to her face as a shield and turned away. May’s golden river blasted Sally’s hand instead, causing urine to roll over her blue nails.

The two women laughed as they took turns squirting each other and dumping their soda all over the bathroom floor. The janitor here would be awfully pissed. (Literally!)

After a while - a time in which no one stopped peeing, May, Sally, or the three urinal girls - Sally desired to resume the walk.

“Let’s flee this joint and continue strolling the city with piss flying from our pussies,” Sally cried, moving her camera so it could better see her giant piss stream as it hit the floor. “Come on, May, shut off the tap, and let’s go.” Sally did this without a problem. Sally’s stream shut down almost as if her urine was flying back into her pee hole.

May on the other hand struggled with this task. May squeezed her sphincter, trying with all her might to pinch it off. But it just kept flowing. May was flooding the floor without any way to hold back whatsoever.

“May… You can stop now…” Sally told her.

“I… I’m trying,” May hissed, squeezing as hard as she could. But her stream kept going at full power.

Sally nodded, understanding her friend’s predicament. Sally held her camera to her face and made an expression like, ‘Can you believe this girl? Oh, well. When in Rome…’ Shrugging her shoulders, Sally showed the audience as she spread her feet wide. Sally flipped her blue locks over her shoulder and another torrent of biological liquid charged out, full steam ahead.

“Let’s go,” Sally said, patting her belly as she left the bathrooms, an eruption happening between her legs.

May still felt on edge about showering the store. But what the heck? Sally did it! Plus, May couldn’t stop even if she wanted to. She already ruined the bathrooms… And half of town… So why not the store too?

May and Sally walked through the shop, dousing everything they passed in piss. The clerk from the front was busying herself in a desperate attempt to mop up the mess. But when she saw May and Sally emerge from the ladies’ room, two streams soaking the entire store, the clerk’s mouth dropped and she miserably hit herself in the face with the butt of her mop.

Sally and May waved their goodbyes. Sally grabbed her can of gas and May - feeling frisky all of a sudden (Sally had that effect on her!) - May tilted her stream and hailed a jet of golden fury all over the clerk’s face. Her chin and hair dripping of pee, the clerk miserably hung her head and went back to mopping.

Laughing like never before, May and Sally ran out, coating the doors in a fine layer of liquid as they ran off.

The two women resumed their walk just as before. They kept their pee streams flying far above their heads and whenever they passed someone, they gave said person a nice warm unwanted golden shower. The two ran giggling and gushing through the streets.

Continuing the live stream, Sally pointed the camera at her vagina. Opening her lips with her fingers, she allowed the camera to capture the true magnitude and the beauty of her extended urethral opening as it expelled waste into the evening air. The atmosphere around the ladies turned moist as they were drenched in the refreshing golden sprays of their own piss.

“Look at that… Are you guys hearing that…” Sally managed. “Bro, that is so loud!” It was true, the camera’s sound was nearly shot as Sally gushed liquid only a few centimeters from the small selfie stick. “Let’s take a look at May’s,” Sally cried, showing the camera May’s river. May stopped in her tracks and spread her stream, lifting her leg up slightly so the camera could capture the ejection of urine from her massively stretched pee hole.

“Fuck, this feels good,” May moaned.

“Nothing like a good pee…” Sally held her camera out at arm’s length and maneuvered her stream so small urine streams rained down over the lens.

“Hey,” a voice interrupted the two. Standing before them were a half dozen other women. Some of them had hands in their crotch while others wiggled suggesting they all were in urgent need of some urinals. “Mind if we join you?” the lead woman asked while she marched in place, hands in her groin.

May and Sally exchanged looks. “Sure!” May cried.

“Looks like some gals are gonna piss alongside us,” Sally stuck her tongue out at the camera. “This is gonna be dope!”

All of the women in the group unzipped. Some even removed their jeans and skirts altogether. One woman took off her skirt, allowing her braless massive titties to hang free. The women all ran together, up and down the walkway, covering every inch of it in golden wonders.

Hours passed and ladies peed. Eventually, all of the women ran dry and left the group, wishing the others a nice long happy urination. By the time Sally finished at nightfall, she shook off and noticed May was still firing as hard as ever before.

“Well, gang, I’m as dry as a bone,” Sally pouted her lips at the camera. “But I see ma girl, May is still having an intense gusher!” Sally leaped behind May and squeezed her tightly around the waist. This forced May’s stream to rocket to the moon. “I’m so proud of you, sweetie,” Sally said, playfully kissing May on the cheek. May blushed. Sally held May so tightly that her massive breasts were buried in May’s back.

“I’m proud of me too,” May admitted with a smile. As May showered the darkened star-filled sky, she thought of how far she had truly come. She owed a lot of that to her best friend, Sally the popular streamer! “This is awesome!” May cried. “I love this. I can’t wait to do it again and see how far I can go.”

“We’ll see,” Sally playfully tickled May under the ear. May squealed. Laughing, Sally faced her camera and did her outro. Lazily picking up her right breast in her hand and flopping it around, Sally told her camera, “Well, gang, it’s getting late and ma girl, May shows no sign of calling it quits anytime soon! So, I think I’m just gonna call it. See yeh next time, pissers! Keep those pussies pissing! Bye!” Sally tilted her skull cap at the camera and then gave her camera lens a fist pump before turning it off.

*041*2023-04-15 03:22

Loud chatter filled the air. People bustled around in deep conversation, some stumbled after having one too many drinks. Joan and her coworker and good friend, Emma Mclain sat on a couple of bar stools. Talking over their overflowing glasses of foamy beer, Joan and Emma engaged in chitter chatter of their work and the wacky events they experience on a day to day. After Emma planted down the story of the time a woman wet her pants while waiting for Emma to fix her busted toilet, Joan just threw back her head and bellowed a sarcastic laugh.

“You wanta here a real broken toilet tale?” was Joan’s rebuttal as she swung her jug of beer in the air, splashing some down on the counter.

Emma rolled her eyes. With a half smile, half hidden by the dark lights of the pub, she replied, “Hit me.”

Joan launched into the story of the time a client had a broken toilet, sink, and air conditioner. Desperate, both women were forced to drink to compensate for the heat. Once the toilet was fixed, the client quickly used it. Joan, unable to contain herself, removed the broken air conditioner from the wall and pissed out the window.

“You shoulda seen it, Emma,” Joan said, lightly tapping her mug of beer against her friend’s shoulder. “My piss roared from me, flying so high it crashed to the opposite end of the city. It stretched so far into the atmosphere, I’m sure some astronauts were highly confused by the phenomenon!”

Emma sipped her alcohol. “Impressive,” she agreed. “I’ve never done anything half as talented. Makes me wonder if you are exaggerating.”

“I’m not,” Joan annunciated. “Trust me, Emma, it was the most powerful, highest stream and woman has ever pissed! I should be in the record book!”

Emma furrowed her brow. “I wonder if you can do that again. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I see no reason not to believe you… Just if you really did do something like that, I can’t help but wonder if you can beat this record you claim to have.”

Joan slammed down her finished glass of beer. After chugging alcohol for over an hour now, Joan’s kidneys were forced to process four glasses of the ale. All this talk about pee was making Joan’s bladder start to twitch.

“I don’t know,” Joan admitted. “But I could use a urinal right about now.”

Feeling her own sweet creamy fifty percent booze hammer inside her abdomen, Emma gulped down the remaining beer and set her empty glass on the counter. Wiping her upper lip with the back of her hand, Emma stood. Stumbling due to her drunken state, Emma blinked hard. “I could use a urinal myself,” Emma said, scratching her exposed breast.

Joan pulled her belt around on her waist, doing everything in her power to take some pressure off of her suddenly uncomfortable bladder. The two women had just come from work. In other words, they wore their work pants and Joan had on her toolbelt.

“Damn, my boob is so itchy,” Emma complained.

“Lucky you can just scratch it,” the bartender said as he cleaned Emma’s glass. “You women can just go around topless if you want, us guys have to hide ourselves.”

“Sorry, fam, but we’re plumbers,” Emma said. “If anyone gets to go topless, it is us! Pour me another drink, would yeh, I got to take a raging piss!”

“Same,” Joan said, leading the way down the hall and to the ladies’ room.

In the women’s restroom, Joan and Emma navigated up to the long trough urinal. A few women stood at the trough, but it was mostly empty. Joan and Emma took their places side by side in front of the ice. Both women undid their belts and unzipped their jeans. Joan exhaled, and Emma spread her legs extra wide.

Out of the front of their pants came two calm, controllable urine streams. Joan and Emma kept their eyes down, focusing on their business, watching urine flow from the holes in their clothing and crash down on the ice chips which began to dissolve into yellow slush.

A little too drunk, Emma slammed her hand down on the brick wall above the trough as a way to steady her wobbling feet. Joan flicked her nose and looked at the ceiling. Rolling her shoulders, Joan moaned quietly, enjoying the feeling of yellow alcohol running from her urethra into the trough.

Maybe she was a bit too drunk - although Emma does this even in a sober state - Emma glanced over at the woman beside her. Emma found herself staring at her neighbor’s pussy as she peed diligently into the opening of the long urinal below her. The woman looked up and met Emma’s eyes.

“Take a picture, it will last longer,” the woman snapped in a lighthearted sort of way.

Emma held a hand to her eyes and moved her thumb closer to her index finger. “Click,” she said.

Apparently, Emma’s urinal neighbor was drunk as well as she threw her hips to the side, playfully splashing Emma’s bare stomach in her waste product. Dark yellow urine dripping from her navel, Emma happily lifted one leg, allowing her stream to hammer into the back of the trough, and Emma released a massively toxic cloud of gas. She sighed as flatulence poured from her backside. The other women scrunched up their noises. One woman even covered her nose with her shirt. Needless to say, these women exited the restroom as quickly as possible. But more women came in.

Emma allowed her spare hand to hang at her side. “Look,” she told Joan. “No hands.”

“Think you are so cool?” Joan dropped both hands to her sides as well. Holding her hips, Joan moaned and breathed sharply, “Phew!” as urine fled from her body even as she didn’t bother to aim.

Slight splashback caused driblets to fly off the ice and onto Joan’s boobs which then ran down her abs. But Joan didn’t mind. In fact, she quite enjoyed the coolness of her body’s emiction.

Over the next half hour, women came and went, peeing as they pleased. Emma and Joan were both slightly surprised that they have yet to even come close to evacuating their bladders. As they peed on, their streams went from controllable to a little wild to plain disorderly. You would think after thirty minutes of nonstop peeing would make these two closer to empty, rather, they felt more full than ever before. Their streams blasted from their pants and fired all around the ladies’ room.

Emma’s urine traveled up the wall and soaked her resting hand in gold. Joan’s stream blasted the corner between the ceiling and the wall and fired all over the restroom like a fire sprinkler system. Emma’s urine ricocheted off the trough and blasted a woman two spaced down in the breasts with her nectar. Just like Emma and Joan, this woman was shirtless. The woman looked stunned as Emma’s urine dribbled down her nipples. Joan’s urine rocketed from her pussy onto the pants of the woman standing next to her. The woman grinned even as Joan wet her thigh.

By this time, the trough was filled to the brim. The ice cubes were completely melted. Joan didn’t even think it was possible to soak through all the ice. But apparently, it was! The trough was now filled with a long yellow river. Several spots on the surface rippled as several women gushed their bladder contents onto the topmost portion of the urine sea.

Joan overheard one of the women tell her friend how she thought the trough would overflow. But even as the woman said this, she was giggling as if she was excited for that flood to occur. Joan had to admit, should the trough overflow, it would certainly be a first to her! Just like peeing on the other side of the city from the window of a client!

“Woah, splashback alert!” cried one of the drunk women as Emma unintentionally doused her naked breasts in gold liquid.

“Girl, I’m gettin’ the worst of it,” Emma playfully complained as warm urine bounced off the surface of the trough river and landed on Emma’s powerful breasts. Emma quite enjoyed the sensation of her warm pee rolling down her tits.

Eventually, the inevitable happened. Urine flowed off the side of the group urinal and came crashing down onto the linoleum floor. They found their feet submerged in liquid waste. Countless rivers ran from the stainless steel and collected on the floor.

Farting again, Emma said, “Yeh know, Joan, I’m really curious as to if you can repeat or even best your feat of peeing height again.”

Joan snickered, unable to believe that Emma was still on this. But knowing Emma, that made sense. She was the type of girl who didn’t let things go.

Especially in regard to urination.

“I suppose we can find out, wink, wink, nudge, nudge,” Joan teased.

“I love you,” Emma gushed.

“Let’s get outta here,” Joan said. “I’m ankle-deep in my own piss.”

“And whose fault is that?” One of the women playfully asked.

“Don’t look at us, we ain’t the only two pissing in this trough,” Joan retorted.

“No, but you and your buddy over there are outputting more than the rest of us put together!” Another woman gave a drunk little laugh that was interrupted by a hiccup.

Joan and Emma removed themselves from the line of relieving ladies. Splashing women as they turned around, the two ran out of the ladies’ room, urine flying onto the ceiling and the walls. The mirrors dripped with grim. The two laughed as they charged out of the bathroom doors and through the bar. Bar goes jumped out of their path as they two soaked tables in their gold, washed the floors in their fluid, drenched the counter in their whiz, refilled empty glasses with their urine discharge, covered seats in bladder liquor, and even splashed several bar patrons.

“Oh, wait,” Emma called as Joan reached the door. Emma spun around, hiked up her hips, and still going handless, fired a solid stream directly at the bullseye of a dart board on the wall. “I’ve always wanted to do that!” Emma cried, chasing after Joan as they fled a soaked, smelly bar.

It was still pretty early, only seven in the evening. The sky was a lush brown-red color. Joan and Emma drew themselves up to one of the tallest buildings in town. After daring Joan she couldn’t piss as far up as the roof, Emma was astounded as Joan cupped her hands behind her back, knelt her knees, and flung a solid river so far up, its arch was several feet over the rooftop of the massively tall building. Pigeons scattered from the roof as Joan’s urine pattered onto the concrete rooftop garden.

“Nice,” Emma sighed like a surfer. “My turn,” Emma - also going handless - took a small step back and placed extra power into her pee. Emma’s piss blasted nearly as far up as Joan’s, but came short a few feet and ended up reaching the same level as the top window.

“Not half bad,” Joan admitted, reassuringly. “Try bending your knees more.”

Emma did as instructed and her urine collided with the gutter of the building.

“Gettin’ there,” Joan nodded, impressed.

“Whoa, check ‘em out!” cried a curious woman. Several women gathered and even one or two men in the mix. Everyone was stunned and speechless as these two half-naked women sprayed the top of the three-hundred-foot building from their position on the sidewalk.

After yet another half hour, Joan and Emma grew bored all while their urine streams became even more uncontrollable. These two women were more full than they thought. They decided to explore the soon-to-be nightlife of the city and see what other mischief they could cause with their heavy tinkle storm.

It was eight thirty before the two even realized it. They spent the next hour roaming the streets showing anyone or anything unlucky enough to cross their path. They downed a discarded wallet on the sidewalk. They pissed inside some moving boxes, soaking whatever was inside. They urinated onto a lesbian couple who walked the streets holding hands. They even flooded an alleyway filled to the brim with urinating women. After all this, they were just warming up! The saddest part was, none of this was done on purpose. Emma and Joan’s drunken, powerful, full-bladdered urine streams were just that sloppy and unreasonable. That’s not to say they regretted their actions. But they also didn’t aim at any of these things.

At one point, Emma got extra silly and waving her hips around, ended up soaking Joan’s back in golden fluid.

“Oh,” Joan rounded on her friend, a plump smile crossing her features. “I’ll get you for that!”

“No, nahaaah!” Emma’s laughter was interrupted by a cheerful scream as Joan power-hosed her friend’s face. Emma’s nostrils filled with urine and her eyes burned with the stuff. In retaliation, Emma moved her pussy up and down, leaking urine all over Joan’s body. Joan’s jeans quickly turned dark as Emma’s urine covered them.

Joan took a step back to avoid her friend’s blasts. She sent a revenge stream back at Emma, downing her six-pack abs in golden water.

The two laughed and paraded the streams, trying to defend themselves from each other's streams all while soaking their opponent in wee as well.

Emma and Joan’s urine rampage was interrupted when they heard a siren in the distance. The sound drew nearer until eventually, Joan and Emma were pulled from their pee fight when a fire truck skirted to a stop in front of them. Standing on the back of the truck, was a firewoman in a very tight and revealing uniform. “Ladies,” she called down. “I am sorry to interrupt, but we spotted your gushers miles away. On the other end of town in fact.” Joan and Emma smiled proudly at one another, joyfully accepting this report on their urination abilities. “There is a massive fire downtown and our fire hose has a terrible knot in it,” the firewoman quickly pushed on. “You two may be the key to stopping this fire and saving our city.”

Joan and Emma looked at one another with very slow turns of their head. Their lips curled into smiles and the two happily hopped onto the end of the truck, eager to become piss heroines. The truck sped off and even as it rolled down the nearly empty nighttime streets, Emma and Joan’s urine geysers gushed behind the emergency vehicle, leaving twin rivers of bladder contents in their wake. The firetruck soon braked in front of a rather tall building hidden away by blankets of flame.

“The fire was likely caused by arson, at least that’s what we suspect at the moment,” the firewoman mentioned. “Do your thing, girls, we’re all relying on your streams!”

Crowds were gathered in the street. Hundreds of onlookers stared up at the flaming building. Walls were crumbling and gas lines were exploding.

“Is anyone still in there?” Joan asked as she dismounted from the truck.

Following the bursting women, the firewoman replied, “No, thankfully this building has long since been abandoned. No lives are in danger at the present moment. But we still can’t let this fire spread to the rest of the city. Ladies… Do your stuff.”

The rest of the fire department was busy herding pedestrians away from the flames, giving Joan and Emma as much room to work with as they possibly could. The two hissers stood side by side on the sidewalk, legs spread, and urine seeping from their labia. This was no longer a game. The fate of the city was at stake. But Joan and Emma knew they could accomplish this. It was just like the building peeing they started the night off with, only this was real.

The two arched their backs and extended their knees and pushed on their pelvis with a smooch strength as one could accomplish. Two sharp streams extended in radius. The women had pee holes the size of golden snitches. The streams came out large and grew even wider as they gained distance from their main source. Urine waved in all directions. Emma focused her attention on the left side while Joan did the right. They aimed inside windows and on the sides of the wall. 

Wherever they saw a major fire, they blasted their hot flaming piss onto the center and extinguished each batch of blazing fire, one by one. The fire went out like fireflies at dawn. Joan and Emma maneuvered their streams up and down the width of the building, putting out each and every fire they came across. Urine rained down in heavy thick streams on each clump of flame and doused it out in a matter of seconds. Thick smoke rang in the air as the fires were all dispatched and the burning building remained smoldered in soot and ash but was saved just the same.

The crowds sounded their applause as the two heroines did a once over of the building, soaking all parts of it one final time for good measure. Better safe than sorry! Joan and Emma were so fixated on the task at hand that they hardly paid any mind to the news vehicles pulling up onto each side of the sidewalk.

Joan and Emma found themselves flanked by news reporters.

“You ladies saved perhaps the whole city from a fiery destruction,” one newswoman said, holding a mic up to the still power-pissing women. “How does it feel to be heroes?”

“Honestly, awesome!” Joan said. “I hope we can inspire all young women out there that if you work hard and believe in yourself, you can do anything.”

“Of course, having pissing talent helps!” Emma added.

The crowd, reporters, and the fire crew laughed. The reporters asked a few more questions about how Joan and Emma got so good at peeing. They both just have some natural talent. Emma threw in how Joan gave her some pointers earlier in the night. Joan was truly touched that Emma would tell everyone that. She could have easily taken her fair share of the credit, but no, Emma was too humble. Joan didn’t think one small piece of advice warranted her to such high praise from her friend, but she was heartfelt regardless.

The firewoman approached Joan and Emma just as the interview was drawing to a close. “We couldn’t have done it without these two,” the firewoman shook hands with both women as they continued to spew hot urine from their expanded holes. “We shall get that kink in the hose sorted out. Hopefully, before another fire occurs. The police are working diligently to catch the arsonists and I believe that about wraps things up.” The firewoman stood between the two pissers and rested one hand on Joan’s shoulder and the other on Emma’s. “Now… You two think you’re gonna stop urinating any time tonight?”

Joan and Emma exchanged glances and simultaneously replied, “Naaaah!” With that, Joan and Emma turned, skipping off into the sunset. Urine flowed in twin geysers above their heads and the city cheered for the two urine heroines!

*042*2023-04-16 01:49

Ashley Tanaka sped into the bathroom. Her multicolored Nike sneakers acted as wings which carried her across the floor at lightning speed. Ashley zipped into the ladies’ room faster than a cheetah pouncing on the juiciest of gazelles. Ashley threw herself at the urinal. The ladies’ was mostly empty. There was only one woman standing at a urinal, calmly pissing away. Ashley stood before her and tugged off the button of her jeans. Ashley pulled her labia through the small opening and a yellow river trailed down onto the urinal cake.

Even as she urinated, Ashley’s body remained tense. She grit her teeth and grumbled under her breath. “Come on, come on,” Ashley pushed as hard on her bladder as she could. Her urine stream grew and wet down the entire urinal bowl all at once.

The woman beside Ashley glanced over at her. “Had to go, huh?” she teased.

“What?” Ashley looked up and then back down. “Oh, not too badly. I just take forever to properly pee and I only have a half-hour break between classes.”

“A half hour?” the lady gasped. “I mean, I understand taking a while to pee. My sister-in-law takes forever in the bathroom. But half an hour isn’t enough time for you?”

Hearing how ridiculous this sounded, Ashley just stared at the ceiling, continued to bear down on her pelvic floor, sighed, and said, “I pee a lot! I ate a small lunch just so I would have more time to piss.”

Pursing her lips in astonishment, the woman turned back down to her business. “Why not just hold it till you get back to your dorm?” the peeing lady asked. “I mean, if you take over half a flipping hour just to fucking piss, clearly your bladder is large. Why not just hold it?”

“I could do that, but I want to get it out,” Ashley replied. “Besides, I have four back-to-back classes. It is seven hours between my first class and my last. And they all take place right after one another.”

“Oh, wow,” she exclaimed.

“Yeah,” Ashley moaned. “This is my one and only break.”

“How long do you normally take to pee?” The woman turned, still midstream herself.

“About forty minutes…”

The woman was so surprised, she nearly pissed down her leg. Quickly adjusting her stream, “No way you take forty fucking minuets to urinate.”

“It’s true.”

“Get out.”

“I do.”

“Holy shit!”

“I know…”

“Wow…” The woman muttered.

Silence fell.

“Wonder what it’s like to be a urinal cake,” the woman said at last. “To get pissed on all day.” She smiled. “I think I would like that job.”

Ashley snickered. “Maybe you’ll get that job someday.”

“I hope so,” the woman sighed.

“I’ll get you started right now,” playfully, Ashley pulled her pussy from the porcelain bowl and shot a short stream at her urinal companions. The woman found her belly - she was wearing a tank top and shorts which exposed her belly button - soaked in hot liquid.

Instead of getting mad, she just smiled and said, “Feels hot.”

“Literally or figuratively?” Ashley wondered.

She pursed her lips again. “Both now that you mention it.”

A moment later, the woman shook off and zipped her trousers. She washed her hands and used a paper towel to wipe off Ashley’s urine still on her stomach.

“See yeh,” the woman called before leaving.

Ashley used her spare hand to wave goodbye. This left Ashley alone at the college urinal, trying desperately to empty her endless bladder in time.

Just like it happened every day, half an hour passed and Ashley reluctantly had to silence her stream, zip up, and head to class with only a partially drained urinary bladder.

Ashley went the rest of the day with a half-emptied bladder slowly filling back up. Unfortunately, her bladder quickly reached its max. The same thing happens every day. After Ashley takes a quick piddle between classes, her urge only increases tenfold. Rather than give her relief, Ashley’s organ was throbbing with a watery burden trapped within its walls. Ashley would have to stop peeing during the day, it only made her more uncomfortable. The piss cauldron was burning inside her. By the time Ashley reached her final class of the day, she was squirming and fanning her legs together under her seat. Ashley didn’t even care who saw. She crossed her legs and her toes and she gripped her pussy through her hotpants as she rocked back and forth.

When Ashley’s final class finally came to an end, she darted from her seat and fled down the hall, making her way down to the gymnasium. Ashley’s bladder was mere moments from bursting and while she had no real reason to visit the gym, it was the closest to her final class. That gym contained the bathroom, the thing Ashley’s bladder was dying to see.

Hands in pussy, Ashley zoomed down the hall. Her ‘Miracle’ cap flew off her head as she entered the gym. Ashley moaned, knowing she couldn’t leave her hat behind. Without thinking, Ashley wished to get this over with. She bent down and scooped up her hat. Ashley could feel her elbows dig into her bulge as she bent over. Pressure collected below Ashley’s navel and the beginnings of a flood pushed itself past the sphincter guards and hissed straight through Ashley’s jeans.

The spurt rocketed from Ashley’s crotch and soaked her exposed breasts. The urine felt steamy as it rolled across her skin. Ashley bit her lip, feeling oddly aroused by this turn of events.

Ashley threw her cap back on and booked it to the ladies’ room. Her backpack bounded against her shoulder blades as she shot up to the middle urinal and threw down her zipper. Ashley’s eyes contained tears and her whole body was tenser than during final exams. Even as she stood before the urinal with her zipper down, Ashley’s feet moved in up-and-down patterns, parading before the bowl.

A jet started off, appearing in the depths of Ashley’s vaginal lips, and then flowing down onto the sky-blue urinal cake. Ashley’s dancing soon ceased and her tongue unfolded from her mouth. Ashley felt air escape her lungs, but it made no sound. Ashley’s urine was physically steaming, creating as much vapor in the air as a boiling pot on a cold day. The yellow traveled down into the porcelain bowl and Ashley felt the pressure subside ever so slightly.

Ashley slammed both hands down on the wall, leaning into the urinal, urine gushing from her jeans as she didn’t even bother to aim. The women around Ashlet eyed her strange movements and bizarre attitude toward urinating.

Just when Ashley thought everything might be okay, she realized her stream was quickly growing in power. This urination was so desperate, that urine was blasting from Ashley’s pussy like a freshly untied garden hose. Urine washed over the back of the urinal and then sloshed over the sides and up the walls. Urine climbed up the ceilings and zipped all over the restroom. Ashley’s morning coffee drenched her fellow bathroom attendants and caused their clothes to go damp and their faces to drip in sour-smelling yellow foam.

The urinal was hidden behind a shower of gold and the walls and floor all around Ashley were covered in bubbling bladder broth. Even as urine soaked Ashley’s shorts, Ashley found herself unable to care. This relief felt far too precious. And Ashley wasn’t the only one who thought so.

“Whoa,” said a woman two urinals down. “That is one big pee!”

“How do you get it that big?” asked the woman directly to Ashley’s left.

“I wish my stream could get that big,” said another woman.

“Looks like if a geyser and a waterfall had a supernatural child!” cried another woman.

The women all gazed at Ashley, all gawking and impressed with her powerful urination. Even as these women found their faces and clothing pelted with stray streams, they stood in awe at this majestic gushing woman.

Ashley felt pee dribble and run down her tremendous pendulous bust. Ashley rolled her head around as if her neck was a roller coaster. “Whphew!” she cried.

“This is what I call one fantastic piss!”

The women around her all smiled and laughed even as Ashley unintentionally coated them in her bladder explosion.

“Ma’am,” one woman said. “You have the best piss stream I think I have ever seen before!”

Ashley turned away so the women didn’t see her give the wall a blushy smile.

Ashley soon recollected herself and decided it was time to take her power pee to the public. Ashley - for once - didn’t bother to silence her river. She would never silence her urine again! It sucked to keep it caged up. From now on, no matter what, Ashley would let it fly! No longer did she hold off, she instead truly let loose. With a beastly stream between her thighs, Ashley danced out of the bathroom. She didn’t do a pee-pee dance, instead, she did a dance in her pee-pee! Ashley twirled and skipped and pranced even as a garden sprinkler of urine rained down on her. The urine was so hot on her skin, it felt like molten lava on planet Venus.

As she glided along the gym and out of the campus building, Ashley Tanaka screamed from the highest peak of her lungs about how amazing this urination felt. “Good pee!” Ashley cried to no one through bright pink cheeks.

Ashley continued to go handless. Her stream just naturally shot itself out of her cooch and rode high above her skull, sending itself skyward on sheer power and velocity.

As Ashley perused the streets, heads of pedestrians turned to watch the - just as her hat indicated - a miracle. This woman gushed from her vulva, blasting a thirty-foot-tall geyser of pure pee into the heavens. People watched and even cleared a path for Ashley as though she was a celebrity. Ashley proudly skipped down the sidewalk, urine flying from her genitalia into the clouds above. Urine rained over the city and all noise and activity stopped as the whole town watched Ashley’s peeing prowess. Many women applauded for her. Some whistled and others pumped celebratory fists into the air. The men however either looked disgusted or, in a few rare cases, the men playfully rolled their eyes and smirked. Girls would be girls, after all…

Ashley gave a lightbulb wave as she sprayed past the gathered crowd. Not looking where she was going, Ashley stumbled into another woman. The two women’s breasts collided like pillows in a pillow fight and pushed each other back. Ashley looked up at her mentor, Lorelei Grand. Lorelei’s massive breasts were bulging from her tight black top, so much so that her nipples were showing. Lorelei - as usual - wasn’t wearing any pants.

Flattening her lilac tie, Lorelei said, “Watch where you’re going there, champ.”

“Sorry, Lorelei,” apologized Ashley.

Lorelei flipped her long red ponytail behind her shoulder. Her hair was already dripping with spare urine from Ashley’s body. “Had to go, huh?” Lorelei squeezed her red and white striped stress ball. She giggled, her eyes exploring Ashley’s geyser. “I remember when I was younger… I used to piss that high and that powerful too. They used to call me Old Urineful. You know, like Old Faithful, except for urine.”

Ashley recalled that story from her advisor. Ashley couldn’t help but feel kind of bad for Lorelei who has since grown too old to make the colossal streams she used to. It made Ashley wonder if she would still have such raw pissing power in her old age.

“Hey, mind if I join you?” Lorelei asked. “For old times’ sake. I know I am not that good anymore, but if nothing else, you can just humor me. What do yeh say, Ash? May I erupt with you?”

Ashley instantly grinned. “Whip it out,” was her reply.

Hand on her hips, Lorelei laughed, her boobs bouncing like basketballs on the court. Ashley had no idea how such a tight shirt was holding back such giant breasts. “I’m not wearing any pants,” Lorelei reminded Ashley. “No point in whipping anything out if it is already exposed.”

“Oh, right… Sorry.” Ashley blushed.

Lorelei - out of touch with her stream - was forced to use her hands, unlike Ashley. Lorelei placed two fingers, one on either side of her labia, and pulled her pussy up high. A powerful stream of piss detonated itself from Lorelei’s tight vagina. The stream spurted several feet in the air and while it didn’t even reach half the height of Ashley’s, it was twice as thick. Ashley was impressed, never having seen such a thick stream. Ashley imagined Lorelei’s pee hole would have to be stretched to its maximum width in order to spill a stream like this. The urine bomb blasted a stream several feet wide that collided with Ashley’s own jet. Urine guzzled down on both women.

Ashley and Lorelei ran downtown, drenching the sides of buildings, stop signs, benches, trees, fences, and anything they could in urine. They even sprayed several passersby. Lorelei - while a noob at height (in her current age, anyway) - was an expert at pee writing. Lorelei used her stream to spell out on a wooden fence, ‘Lorelei & Ashley were here!’ Ashley laughed at this and Lorelei promised to teach an impressed Ashley the art of urine writing, drawing, and sketching.

The two continued to run downtown, soaking the streets in urine. They splashed a group waiting for the bus, soaked a wall mural of a peace sign in urine, and even watered a neighbor’s tomato garden. (Lorelei mentioned that several plants including onions and tomatoes thrive off of human urine as fertilizer).

Lorelei and Ashley ran off into the afternoon, having a grand pee and wetting everything and everyone they came across.

*043*2023-04-17 00:11

“Gawahhh!” shouted a desperate Sabrina Adams.

“Mumpmh, ump…” muttered a bursting Ryoma Nagare.

Sabrina had her hands in her crotch. Ryoma’s hands patted her sides. Sabrina’s knees locked together. Ryoma’s bent one kneecap into the pit of the other. Sabrina bobbed up and down. Ryoma wrestled with her bush of pubes.

Sabrina threw her head to the sky, her sunhat dipping so far back that it no longer shield her gaze from the sun. “I am so full!” Sabrina bellowed to the clouds. The caramel-skinned girl jumped up and down, her white ponytail hopping around her shoulders like a scared jackrabbit. Her earrings hit her in the face like a couple of fly swatters. Sabrina bit down on her red lipstick, fighting with all her will to hold back the growing terror burning the inside of her bladder.

“So am I…” Ryoma whimpered, closing her fat legs together.

“SHUT UP!” Sabrina rounded on her friend, her full bladder turning her into a monster. “YOU DID NOT DRINK AN EXTRA LARGE BLADDER BUSTER SODA!!”

“No, but I had many of those blue lemonade drinks,” Ryoma protested, grabbing the skin of her boobs to help distract her urgent business brewing down below. “The ones with the heart-shaped bendy straw… They were good but sooo filling! I had sixteen of them, I think. I lost track. They tasted so good! The way they flowed down the straw, it was like they...”

“SHUT UP ABOUT YOUR DAMN BEVERAGES!” Sabrina made a fist and hammered on the closed porta-potty door.

“Occupied,” called a feminine voice inside.

“When will you be done?” Sabrina demanded, trying to steady her voice.

“Don’t know, but I’m taking a rather nasty shit in here,” said the woman inside, followed by a series of noxious farts. “Gonna be a hot minute… Assuming this place isn’t rendered inhabitable for the next six months. HA!”

“It isn’t funny! We’re gonna blow!” shouted Sabrina.

“What beach has only one porta potty?” moaned a cross-legged Ryoma.

“Just go piddle in the ocean,” the woman called. “That’s what I would do. Or better yet, you realize there is an actual bathroom at the other end of the beach, right? Just go there. Or you not gonna make it?” She had a taunting tone in her voice that made Sabrina want to hold her down and piss all over her face.

Sabrina removed her golden sunglasses from her sweaty face. Sabrina was sweating from her face down to her legs. She stuffed her sunglasses up her pussy lips as a way to help close off her system. Seeing as she was wearing the thinnest panties ever, so thin in fact they were sucked into the folds of her vagina, shoving sunglasses up there was pretty easy.

Ryoma turned her attention to the ocean. Her eyes fixated on the waves, the lines of white foam splashing up to the sandy beach. The cawing of seagulls and the sploshing of wave against rock. Ryoma imagined all of these events taking place inside her overgrown urinary bladder. Normally, Ryoma would have dashed down into the ocean to fill it with her very own ocean. But something was stopping her. Peeing in the ocean seemed like kind of a simple solution. It was like one of those stories where the answer to the problem is too effective. It’s just not that satisfying. Ryoma wished for a better answer.

Sabrina turned to her equally desperate friend. “Want to take a leak in the ocean?”

Ryoma seriously wished Sabrina hadn’t phrased it like that. When Sabrina used the word, ‘leak’, that’s exactly what Ryoma did. Ryoma’s sphincter gave into her bladder’s demands and she felt a sharp, wet, boiling-hot, spurt of liquid collide with her fingertips.

Just like Sabrina, Ryoma wore a very thin pair of bikini bottoms connected by wire to her upper bikini. There were blue jewels covering her nipples as well as her pubic bush. This allowed the squirt of the hot liquid to push straight past Ryoma’s nearly nonexistent panties and straight onto her acrylic blue nails. Digging into her pussy with a fury, Ryoma moaned as she dribbled all over both of her hands.

Sabrina stood with one leg laced around the opposite. She smiled, quite enjoying her friend’s bulging purple eyes. Ryoma had tears on her lower eyelids, she looked so stressed. Sabrina - despite her own pain - found it adorable.

“What’s wrong, Ryoma… You have to leak!” Sabrina emphasized the word.

This next leak was so loud, it came out with a clear sound of PISSSHH. Ryoma once again caught the massive trail of escaped urine in her fingers. Ryoma was cursing and struggling. Sabrina found this scene hotter than the summer sun. Watching her friend struggle, Sabrina temporarily forgot about her own needs. Just by relaxing even a little, she allowed her own sharp leakage.

“Oh, fuck,” Sabrina slapped a hand over her lips. Even as she moved her bare feet back and forth in the sand, Sabrina felt urine roll down her leg.

It was Ryoma’s turn to smile. “You having a potty accident too, Sabrina?”

“No,” even as Sabrina denied it, another, more powerful spray spewed from her tired labia. This one was so powerful that it shot straight up and bounced off of Sabrina’s sun hat before falling directly down her cleavage.

Both women were nearing their breaking points and they knew that as well. Sabrina currently had two large Bladder Buster’s swimming inside her pelvis. Ryoma on the other hand had over a dozen lemonades sloshing between her bladder walls. Any ordinary woman would have exploded hours ago. But these two waited patiently for the porta-potty to free up and take away their bodily burdens. Even while the ocean crashed, the two held on. But now, they found leaks happening quite often and knew they were running short on time.

The ocean continued to splash all while their bladder walls swelled. Each woman held a nine-month pregnant abdomen. No longer could they withstand this torment. On top of this, both women knew their bodies (and each other’s) enough by now to understand the full gravity of the situation. Given how much they had to drink and how endless their bladder captivities truly are, and each woman was holding a very full tank of piss, this only meant one thing. If their giant bladders were this full, then they were each carrying around enough pee to drown an entire civilization of insects.

“I don’t want to pee in the ocean,” Ryoma mentioned. “It seems dull.”

“Agreed,” Sabrina nodded weakly, sweat clouding her vision. “You thinking what I’m thinking?”

Ryoma gave an all-knowing nod of the head and a grin that told the world she was trouble. “As they say… Let’s go wet the sand!”

Sabrina and Ryoma still desired to use a restroom if they could. No sweat, though. As they casually walked along, they each had full-on gushers springing from their thin panties. Panties so thin that there was no point in moving them out of the way, their pussies were showing as it was.

Sabrina and Ryoma walked underneath yellow fountains. Two towers of urine rained from far up in the sky, covering the surrounding area in liquid. The urine landed in the sand, turning it into enough mud to fuel the NFA mud wrestling match for ten years easily!

As they casually strolled down the beach, no rush, they went on many side missions to cause urine-related mischief! They filled a man’s entire cooler with pee, forcing all of his ice to melt and his bottled water to become submerged in a sea of gold. Sabrina found a woman standing in the ocean, a yellow cloud under her lower body which remained in the waves, and a relieved look on her face. Sabrina held up her stream and blasted the woman - who wore no shirt - in the chest so hard, the woman was thrown off her feet and crashed into the ocean, sinking below the waves. 

Ryoma took a brief break to spell out in the sand with her stream, ‘Don’t drink the blue lemonade. It has diuretic effects! Tee-hee’. She even added a winking emoji at the end of this phrase. Sabrina added a moat of yellow around a sandcastle. Ryoma blasted a beach ball into the air, the ball riding sky high on her urine stream. The beach ball bounced around on top of Ryoma’s gusher and she continued adding power, making the ball go higher.

The two finally reached the boring old restroom. There was a line of ladies stretching out the front entrance. Many women - being impatient - simply opted to just piss all over the floor or on the women using the urinals. The smell of urine stunk out the door. Sabrina and Ryoma even spotted a lake of wee rolling out of the lavatory. There was a line of ladies just gushing freely onto the side of the bathroom wall, as though it were their own personal urinals.

Many of the women who were waiting - as few as they were - were dancing and squirming in line, desperately grabbing their lady bits. One woman ended up peeing her pants, filling her bikini bottoms with hot golden wee, but she smiled as she did so.

There was another woman who stood in the center of the bathroom, a stream unaffected by gravity zoomed from her tight labia and rocketed to the ceiling. The urine crashed down, soaking her in her own bladder accident.

Exchanging looks, Sabrina and Ryoma knew what to do next. They continued gushing. Their streams of pure ecstasy covered the women standing before them in line. The women just stood in place, eyes fixed forward on the quickly moving line, all while two ladies behind them blasted them with damp urine. Hey, if you come to the beach, expect to get wet!

Sabrina felt a great deal of orgasmic pleasure from this pee. After bottling it up for so long and containing so much, it felt phenomenal to let it go wherever she wished. Sabrina subconsciously touched her clit. Rolling her clitoris around in circles, she caused her stream to flap around in circles as well, garden sprinkler fashion! When she had her fill, Sabrina wore her relieved expression and held her pussy high, allowing tinkle to rain into the sky and then fall back down all over her, Sabrina’s piss stream remained wedged far above the heads of the ladies in line.

Ryoma on the other hand was feeling a bit more frisky than her companion. Ryoma navigated her stream forward so it splashed all over the hot booty of the woman before her in line. The woman’s large ass cheeks were falling from her bikini bottoms. Ryoma drenched them in gold, moving her stream back and forth so as to cover the whole area of her ass. The woman standing before Ryoma didn’t seem to care. Little did Ryoma know she was smiling and oh, so close to orgasm.

The good news was that the line was moving quickly. (Ladies’ lavatory lines always do). The bad news was that sense there were so many women in line, the quickly moving line was slower than a snail stuck in molasses.

After an hour of waiting, they finally reached the front and at long last entered the women’s restroom. The bathroom was covered in pee from the walls to the floor to the ceiling, even one sink was filled with the stuff. Apparently women today liked to use anything they could in place of a urinal!

The women in line were soggy before even entering the washroom. The entire line was coated in Sabrina and Ryoma’s urine. But no one seemed to mind.

As she stepped into the restroom, Sabrina - being barefoot - could feel the lake of fresh hot pee roll around and soak her toes. And she continued to add to it as her vertical stream sploshed from her genitalia and wet down the entire washroom. Ryoma’s sandals on the other hand splashed through the lake, forcing the urine to ripple and fly all over the floor. The two women were giggling as happy thoughts and emotions ran through them and their bladders. After much delay, each woman took her place at the urinals which at this point were dripping in piss. The women’s restroom was always disgusting, but this was filthy on a whole new level!

The two women stood side by side at the urinal bowls, blasting them with the full force of their bladders. Two giant geysers rocketed from their pussies and turned the air around them moist like a wet blanket. Sabrina rested a hand on the wall and Ryoma placed both hands on her hips, going handless, not even aiming her powerful stream at the bowl. Hissing filled the restroom and the urinals quickly began to overflow, slashing down all over the two sources of the gush. The urinal cakes were lost in a sea of bodily waste. The two covered the urinals in their former beachy drinks. Pee spattered from the main stream and flew to the walls and the ceiling and all over Sabrina and Ryoma’s beautiful bodies.

After a full hour of eliminating their liquid wastes into the proper place - more or less - the two grew bored and decided to run out of the bathroom, soaking everything their streams passed.

Bladders still bulging and streams still guzzling, Sabrina and Ryoma chased each other around the beach. Ryoma blasted Sabrina’s thigh and Sabrina shot Ryoma back with a stream to the breast. The two giggled as they had a fun game of pee tag. They fired their streams after each other with joy. They were like two college students engaged in a water fight. Only instead of water guns, they were using urethra streams.

As the duo ran around the beach, they ended up splashing many others. Including but not limited to, a sunbathing couple, a woman desperate for the porta potty, and the faces of two attractive women having a splashing fight in the ocean.

Eventually, some women challenged Sabrina and Ryoma to a volleyball match. The two happily accepted. Whenever the opposite team flung the volleyball at them, Sabrina or Ryoma would increase the power of their pee and allow their rapids to push against the volleyball and throw a piss-soaked ball back over the net. The other team would often miss this shot, gaining a point for Team Pissers! The volleyball would connect with the blast of a piss stream and it would float right over into the area out of bounds. Sabrina and Ryoma’s team rejoiced while the two used the ever more draining portions of their bladders to earn their home team points.

Sabrina and Royma soon wrapped up the game and decided to go home. Their bladders, still overloaded with beverages, craved an even greater release in pressure. As the two strolled home, laughing, they shot their streams from their vulvas, giving the already high-pressurized streams even more power. The twin geysers of bladder liquid blasted far above their heads as the duo happily paced down the sidewalk, making their way home. After the amount they drank, Sabrina and Ryoma would be peeing for a long time!

It’s funny how things work. Sabrina and Ryoma started off dancing with giant bulges in front of a closed porta potty just a few hours ago. But now, as the sun was going down, each woman felt on the verge of orgasm as they gushed piss into the orange and yellow sky.

