No new ideas

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-05-29 20:07

What do writers do when they can't come up with a new idea? What new ideas do you think would make for excellent and sexually spicy pee desperation stories.

*002*2022-05-30 14:42

{{8 hours ago, HissGenerator said:

Keep thinking about what you’ve written so far and suddenly an idea will just pop out of nowhere.

I was thinking of writing a story — its premise I’d happily let you take to write instead, if you’re interested by it — about a girl who is set to present a proposal before an important board meeting, her partner who is also her co-worker sitting at the table in front of her, and an avid wetter like her. She wears a diaper and lodges a microphone between her spandex and diaper beneath her skirt. Desperate, she tries her best to give the presentation. She and her partner wearing a Bluetooth as an element of professionalism, but really she wanted her partner to switch to a specific channel, so that he can hear her hiss desperately spray between her legs while she masks all signs of desperation before the board members.

}}

Okay sure. I am pondering on this idea. Is she peeing into her diaper or even leaking past her diaper?

$

*006*2022-06-05 21:30

I have posted a story similar to this scenario. It is about two female roomates, and of them is taking a shower with the door locked. The other roomate is desperate for the bathroom and instead is left with little choice but to urinate in their kitchen trash pail.

$

