Leprechaun Pee

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2023-03-15 19:52

This is a story I wrote for St. Patrick’s Day. Enjoy!

Shella skipped down the rocky path, each skip felt like a horseshoe pressing on his bladder. But skipping was the fastest way to get home and right now, Shella needed to get home fast! The small woman grabbed her genitalia as he made his way to his hut. Her orange ponytail swung behind her and her belt dug into her most sensitive bathroom organ. Due to their pint size, leprechauns have incredibly tiny bladders. Shella shouldn’t have had that extra green beer.

The leprechaun’s home stood twenty feet tall and was in the shape of a green marshmallow. Everything was green! The windows, the door, the chimney, the plants around the outside of the house, everything. Fresh four-leaf clovers were growing in the windows.

As Shella pushed into the house, the sounds of Irish music met her ears. Standing in the kitchen, humming as he hunched over a boiling pot was Shella’s darling husband, Kegan. There was the gorgeous smell of potatoes and bread. The steamy scent of flavor wafted up Shella’s nose. It was almost pleasant enough to distract her from the pressure inside her lower abdomen… Almost.

Kegan looked up, spoon hanging limply in his paw. “My love, Shella, where in heaven’s name were you?”

“I went to the bar with some friends,” Shella closed the door.

“The bar?” shouted Kegan. “For cryin’ out loud, woman, it’s the middle o the day! Why in the lord’s name would you…”

“Get off my back! I was just having fun!” snapped Shella.

Kegan stood taken aback, unable to believe his wife hollered at him in such a vile manner.

“I am sorry, my love,” Shella quickly apologized. “Just… Tomorrow is St. Patrick’s Day and I am stressed is all. I wanted to spend some time with me friends and take me mind off of it.”

“I get that. I’m sorry I pushed yeh,” apologized Kegan. “Come. I’m making lunch with some liquid luck,” Kegan held up a large picture which sloshed with light gold fluid.

Shella felt her bladder do an Irish jig upon seeing the contents of her husband’s jug. “Okay, dear husband,” Shella crossed her legs. “But first I must pop to the toilet.”

Shella ascended the long staircase and burst into the bathroom. Slamming the door behind her, the small bladdered leprechaun danced up to the pot and threw the lid up. Whipping around, she staggered to take off her belt. Belt finally undone, she threw down her pants and sat her bum on the bowl.

A sharp hiss was heard all throughout the house as Shella deposited her many drinks of the afternoon into their new home. Shella allowed her head to fall onto her hand with her elbow resting on her lap. She sighed out the final bits of her agony. Shella was comforted by her dark green panties hanging across her knees like a clothesline and her pants on the floor, hiding her boots in a forest of denim.

Shella just relaxed and listened to the loud hissing of her stream. This noise was even better than that of Irish music. No better music to the leprechaun’s ears than that of a voiding urinary bladder.

Once Shella let out the final dribbles from her pee tube, she snatched the roll of paper behind her and peeled off a piece. Putting the rollback, the leprechaun wiped her privates and tossed the paper between her legs. She stood and pulled up her underwear and pants. Redoing her belt, she studied the contents of the basin.

Sitting inside the toilet pan was a sea of rainbow-colored liquid. The red mixed with the purple and the indigo met with the yellow. The orange and green were swirling around one another like they were doing a two-hand dance. Floating in the center of the rainbow-colored ocean was a crumpled and damp piece of toilet tissue.

Shella flushed the pot, sending her liquid and paper down the drain. She washed and soaped up her hands before leaving the loo and heading back downstairs to lunch.

The lucky couple sat at the table chewing and chatting. Kegan made his famous baked potatoes and soda bread. There was even shepherd’s pie. And to drink they had tall glasses of liquid luck.

Shella downed her luck, knowing she would need extra strength for tomorrow’s adventure.

“Why are you so stressed, my love,” Kegan rested a palm on the back of his wife’s hand. “You do this every year, dontcha know.”

“True, but it is nerve-racking to go to earth and leave gold all day long,” Shella said. “Maybe if you did it you would understand.”

“Perhaps, but you know,” Kegan said. “Being a tailor is no walk in the park. At least you only have to work one day a year.”

Shella chewed her lip. Feeling her lower lip get moist, she counted to seven in her mind. Shella hated when her husband degraded her word as only being one day of the year. While that may be true, it was a long, tiring day, and Shella - while she loved her job very much - was not looking forward to it. Shella knew her husband’s tailor business was tough work as well.

But she wished just for once he would understand, just because she works one day a year, doesn’t mean she doesn’t do a lot of work herself.

“It is still stressful, dear,” said Shella, as calm as she could. “I am anxious about it, is all.”

“Don’t be,” Kegan squeezed her hand. “You shall be great. You are great every year. It’ll be a great St. Patrick’s Day, you’ll see.”

Shella felt a twitch deep inside her anatomy. She had to pop a piss again? She did have a lot of alcohol at the bar. She probably broke the seal. And now she was busying herself with liquid luck. Shella was only half finished with her shepherd's pie. She ordered her body to hold.

But by the time Kegan brought out the dessert of bread pudding with butterscotch sauce, Shella knew she needed to excuse herself quickly. As embarrassing as it was to state she needed the restroom twice in one hour, Shella gathered her dignity and told her significant other, “Excuse me, my love. I need the toilet,” Shella pushed out her chair and stood.

“Didn’t you just come from the toilet, my love,” asked Kegan.

“Yes,” Shella again crossed her thighs. “But I must use it again.” And with that, the tiny bladdered leprechaun made a mad dash for the lavatory to let out her liquid luck.

Morning came and with it St. Patrick’s Day. Kegan kissed his beautiful wife goodbye and the leprechaun lady leaped onto the rainbow slide and coasted all the way down to planet earth. Once on earth, Shella deposited the large pot of gold she was carrying down at the end of the rainbow slide she came from.

One down, forty-nine to go, Shella thought to herself.

Shella lifted her hat off of her scalp and there, sitting atop her head by magic, was a second pot of shimmering gold. Shella took the pot in her arms and allowed her hat to fall back onto her mane of fiery orange locks.

Shella skipped off to place this second pot of gold at the end of yet another rainbow.

Shella visited several rainbows, setting down a pot of gold at each one. After she left a pot of gold, she lifted her hat and another cauldron of sparkling metal appeared. Shella managed to leave a pot of gold at every single rainbow in the United States. Shella couldn’t help but wonder how her leprechaun colleagues were doing. Shella knew they were busy leaving pots of gold in all of the other countries of the world. Shella - for whatever reason - had bad luck and was assigned to leave gold in the USA every single year. It’s not that the United States was a bad country or anything, it was just large. Shella envied the leprechaun that took care of Monaco. Shella wished the drawing of countries was done every year. Maybe she wouldn’t always be stuck with the United States. But no. Shella was assigned to the United States until she retired and due to a leprechaun’s long life expectancy, that wouldn’t be until the year 2135.

Shella had taken care of thirty-seven rainbows. Only thirteen left.

Shella was now in Panguitch, Utah. She felt all of the coffee she drank back home suddenly collect inside her pee sack. Shella - knowing she had much to do and little time to do it - attempted to push her increasingly desperate urge away. But the more she refused to think about it, the more she thought of it. Shella was soon doing a desperate jig and she knew her itty bitty bladder was at its limit. She had procrastinated micturating for several earth hours. It was time for the leprechaun to burst open like an overinflated baked potato.

The desperate leprechaun danced behind a nearby bush beside a rocky archway. Good thing she was far from civilization. The closest town was three miles away.

Shella carelessly tossed her pot of gold to the ground, causing a handful of golden coins to spill from the cauldron. Moving her legs up and down the path in her own desperate Irish dance, Shella unbuckled her belt with a loud chuckle and she dropped her pants and her lacy green thong.

Shella squatted down, her back to the bush, and a warm jet of relaxation hurled itself at the ground between Shella’s boots. The rainbow liquid spread across the earth, seeping into the grass. The ground was painted in yellows and blues and oranges and greens and indigos and pinks and reds and violets. Shella breathed, feeling her chest untighten. This was the most peaceful sensation of her life.

Shella was so at ease, she didn’t even hear the footsteps approaching. Nor did she hear the sounds of leaves rustling or even the breeze created by the net falling around her.

Shella’s eyes popped open. Before her sat a network of lines and webs, imprisoning the small creature. Shella’s heart raced, her mind went numb, and her bladder continued to drain. Suddenly, there came two large human men. The two men bent down, watching the magical entity drain the captivity of her urine-holding utensil.

“Looky what we have here, Levi,” one of the grown men said. “A leprechaun and she’s…”

“Peeing…?” The other man, Levi, asked. “Ah, man, is that what a leprechaun’s pee looks like? Rainbow? Guess that makes sense.”

The two gentlemen had eyes the size of gold coins as they watched the torrent of color shoot from Shella's pee hole. These men may have wished to catch a leprechaun, but Shella could tell from their expressions, they did not wish to catch a leprechaun like this.

The two men shield their eyes. They were polite, Shella gave them that.

“Dude, we are so sorry,” the first man apologized.

“Theodore saw you come behind this bush,” Levi shifted the blame onto his comrade.

“Man, I didn’t know she was taking a piss!” Theodore snapped.

“It’s fine,” snapped the little leprechaun. “I’ve just had to deliver several pots of gold to the rainbow, yeh know. It is an exhausting job, and it really does a number on your bladder.”

“I’ll bet,” Theodore muttered.

“But you boys caught me,” Shella sighed. “Take the pot o gold. I got more. Just leave me to do me business in peace.”

Uncovering their eyes, the two men looked on at one another. Shella has seen many looks of exchange over the centuries and she knew these gentlemen had reached a silent decision, one she, Shella, could neither see nor hear.

“No, thanks, ma’am,” Levi said.

This response surprised Shella like a dog is surprised by their own gas. “Did I hear yeh boys correctly,” asked the tiny Irish woman. “Don’t yeh gentlemen wish to become rich?”

“Sure, but we feel bad for catching you… You know," Theodore said.

“It’s unfair.” Levi agreed. “Take your gold. Maybe we can catch another leprechaun.”

Shella could feel the last of her pee leave her bladder and exit down the pee tube from her body. Shella stood and pulled up her clothing. “That is very kind o yeh boys,” she said, buckling her belt. Theodore and Levi removed their net. “It is so kind in fact that I insist yeh gentlemen take me gold. You are both kind fellows. I insist. Believe you me, we leprechauns have plenty o gold where that came from.” Shella looked up at her own hat and smirked. Returning her green gaze to the men, she went on, “On top o that, whether you boys think it is fair o not, it is. You caught me and yeh know what the rules say about catchin’ leprechauns on St. Patrick’s Day.”

The two large men smiled at one another, excitement running across their faces.

“Well, if she insisted…” Theodore said.

“It would be rude to say no… Especially after seeing her pee and all,” added Levi.

Theodore quickly snatched up the pot of gold while Levi went to work pocketing the few spilled pieces. The men thanked Shella and raced off.

Shella watched them go and snickered to herself, shaking her head. Such fine young men. Shella removed her hat once again and produced a pot of glowing gold jewels from it. Stepping past her rainbow river, and setting her hat back on her apricot hair, Shella was off to the next rainbow, now with one less pot of gold and an empty bladder.

Along the way, Shella reached into her jacket and pulled out a thermos of green tea which she happily began to sip for the final stretch of her journey.

Shella carefully bent over and placed the final pot of gold down at the foot of the final USA rainbow located in Everett, Washington. Shella wiped sweat away from her forehead. All fifty pots of gold were placed. Time to head home.

Shella began her ascent up the final rainbow. She leaped through the skies and landed on the rainbow bridge. Shella cheerfully skipped up the rainbow. About halfway up, Shella realized that her mini bladder was at work again. She again needed a pee! She was almost home and then she could tinkle.

Shella made her way higher and higher up the rainbow. She was nearing the top when she felt the green tea make itself known. Shella’s desperation level was increasing and it didn’t help given how tall the rainbow was.

After much more climbing, Shella finally reached the top and she could feel her bladder about to pop. Shella stepped onto the clouds of her homeland and once again found her feet moving in a dance that one might mistake for glee, but she knew to mean urinary urgency.

Shella glanced around. She was all alone. The leprechaun had already made the rainbows last night. They had no reason to come out here to the far lands. Shella also knew that it was a rather lengthy trip back to her village from here. If no one was around and civilization was far away… What could it hurt?

Shella once again found herself undoing her belt and pulling down her pants and undergarments. Shella took a squat so her butt was hanging inches above the cloud. Shella pulled her clothing forward and then allowed her aching bladder to have an accident all over the cloud. Shella sucked in her air and then spit it out in awe of how marvelous this urination felt.

A stream of multi-colored fluid flowed from the small hole deep inside Shella’s vaginal flaps of skin. The pigments of color were all mixed as they forced their way from Shella’s urethra. But as they hit the cloud, the colors expanded and began to flow over the ledge of the cloud behind Shella’s bare butt. The stream gushed and hissed all over the fluff she was standing on and it felt fantastic.

“Happy St. Patrick’s Day to me,” Shella grinned as she felt her frame flutter with exhilaration.

A solid thirty seconds passed and the tiny leprechaun’s tinner bladder was all vacant. Shella stood properly and fixed herself up nice and proper. She made to leave when she noticed behind her was a rainbow bridge. But Shella could have sworn this wasn’t here a moment ago. Oh, no… Shella recalled what they taught her in training about how rainbows are created…

Rainbows are created when a leprechaun pees over the edge of the cloud. Shella must have been closer to the edge than she thought for she created a rainbow with her urine.

“Oh, well,” Shella said aloud to herself, removing her hat and grabbing the pot of gold that appeared underneath. “One more rainbow left, I suppose.” Rainbows make the world a happier place. What’s wrong with having another, anyway!

Shella carefully set the pot of gold onto the rainbow and allowed it to slide down to earth, waiting for some mortal to find it. Shella flew into the air, elation radiating through her essence. She kicked her heels together and began to skip back home.

All in all, Kegan was right. This was one great St. Patrick’s Day!

Hope you enjoyed! Don't be afraid to share your opinion, good and bad. I personally believe this is one of my better stories.

