Alternate Reality Where Women Stand and Men Sit to Pee Scenarios

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-27 01:30

Here is a short story I wrote going off of my idea of the alternate universe where men sit, and women stand to pee. I am going to make a few short stories using this idea as was a request by another user. Hope you all enjoy!

There is sexual activity in this story, so this is your warning not to read if you don't want to hear about that stuff!

Danielle and Arthur drove in silence. Neither one dared to speak. They might be in a car with the windows rolled up, but they still feared being heard. The radio was not even on. The one and only sound was the hum of the engine.

At long last, Danielle brought the car to a casual stop besides the park.

“Well,” Danielle dared speak. “We’re here,” she turned to her boyfriend. “You ready?”

Arthur didn’t respond. He didn’t know what to say. Worst of all, Arthur feared saying something wrong. While Authur loved his girlfriend and would do anything for her - hence why he was here - he strongly wished they would just turn around and go home.

“I know you are scared,” Danielle cooed. “I am nervous myself. But that is what makes this fun!” Danielle wiggled her hips as though she was twerking. Danielle was dancing in her seat for another reason besides excitement. Danielle seriously wished she had been smart enough to use the restroom before coming to the park. She at least wished she hadn’t drank all of those iced teas. Danielle was half tempted to ask Authur to visit a fast food place or maybe a gas station so she could pee. But alas, Danielle knew that if she and Authur were to leave, her significant other may never return with her. Arthur didn’t want to be here, and Danielle knew this.

But she also knew that Authur would have a good time as long as he gave this activity a fair chance. That is how Authur is. He says he will hate something, but once he tries it he loves it. The first time he watched a horror movie, he guaranteed he would hate it. That is now his new favorite genre. Arthur said he would hate the taste of fish. That is one of his favorite foods. Arthur promised Danielle that he would despise using anal beads in the bedroom. That is his new favorite sex toy.

Danielle knew Arthur would love this. Danielle knew that she would love this! They just had to give it a try. But with all of that ice tea bouncing around between her bladder walls, Danielle’s mind was too fixated on the bathroom to focus much on the task at hand.

Danielle’s fingers drumbled the wheel, her leg bouncing, she looked side to side.

“Looks like I'm not the only one who’s nervous,” Arthur laughed.

“What?” Danielle realized Authur was making a reference to all of his girlfriend’s fidgety movements. “Oh, oh yeah, I’m nervous,” Danielle said. That was true, she was. But she was also excited. Moreover, she needed the restroom. But Authur didn’t need to know that last part. He would insist on leaving and who knows when/if they would try this again. Danielle would be okay. She just had to stop thinking about the bathroom. And given what she and Authur would be doing, that would be easy… Hopefully!

Danielle took one last look around. When she was satisfied, she told her boyfriend, “Okay, the coast is clear. Let’s go!”

Danielle and Authur unfashioned their seat belts and opened their car doors. The couple raced across the pavement and their shoes met the grass of the park. They ran past the swing set and made their way to the benches. Beyond the benches there was a small group of oak trees. Danielle and Authur ducked behind them.

“What if someone sees?” Authur asked in a hushed whisper.

Rather than responding to her boyfriend’s distress, the horny twenty-eight-year-old threw her arms around her man and began aggressively making out with him. Arthur did not fight it. He made out with Danielle as well.

As the couple made out, they both had their minds set on different things. Authur feared being caught while Danielle feared not finding a bathroom soon. Despite these feelings of consternation, Danielle and Authur could both feel themselves getting more and more aroused. They each sensed an erection coming on. Authur’s penis grew still and Danielle’s clitoris grew firm.

In no time, the duo lay in the grass, hands all over each other, mouths pressed tight together, tongues licking the inside of their partner’s mouths.

As they kissed, they undressed. Arthur pulled off his girlfriend’s top, while Danielle yanked down her boyfriend’s shorts. Authur undid his SO’s bra and Danielle took care of her lover’s boxers.

Soon enough, Danielle and Authur lay in the soft, moist grass, the crisp night air on their faces, completely and utterly nude.

“Ready?” Danielle asked. Before Authur could answer her question, Danielle felt a strong surge of urine attempting to make a break for it. Without thinking, Danielle’s hand flew downwards and wrapped itself around her slightly hairy vulva.

Danielle’s hand tightened around her lady bits and she crushed her fingers down into her skin until the most powerful urge to micturate passed.

“You okay?” Arthur took note of his girlfriend squirming all around their grassy bed.

“I’m fine… Just kind of have to pee,” Danielle admitted. She instantly regretted telling Arthur this. Danielle prepared for

Authur to suggest they leave. Arthur did make a suggestion, but it was one Danielle did not expect.

Arthur’s eyes twinkled with excitement and his lips turned upwards. “Do you wish to relieve yourself?” Arthur asked in a sickly sweet voice. “Well, you may, my queen,” Arthur lay on his back, spreading out his arms and legs, his penis hanging limp, pressed against the right leg.

Danielle blinked in surprise. She understood fully what Authur was proposing. “You… You want me to…”

Arthur nodded. “Only if you want to, yes.”

Danielle was taken aback. She had no clue that her boyfriend was into golden showers. Danielle has never tried to give one before. But hey, Arthur was willing to partake in her fantasy of having sex in a public park. The least Danielle could do was return the favor and partake in one of his fantasies!

Grinning ear to ear, Danielle rose to her feet. Her bare feet tickled with blades of grass brushing up against them. Danielle stood over her boyfriend. She spread her legs wide apart, her buttocks stood out against the gentle summer breeze.

Danielle placed a finger on either side of her vaginal lips. Danielle’s bladder exhalled, eager to be so close to relief. Danielle released her golden waters.

The hot spring rained down on Authur, first showering across his chest. Then it moved upwards and splattered across his face. Arthur closed his eyes and smiled, taking in the warmth of his girlfriend’s lovely kidney juice. Danielle guided her stream down across Authur’s legs and then his arms. Danielle suddenly found herself grateful for all that ice tea she had drank. Turned out to be a good idea after all!

Danielle ended up spraying Authur down for over four minutes. Danielle dedicated half of her lengthy stream to spraying down Authur’s penis. Danielle’s powerful jet of piss doused down her boyfriend’s member, making it swell more and more with each drop of golden fluid that landed upon it. Danielle hosed down his penis as well as his testicals.

“Wow!” Arthur cried. “That was such a long pee!”

“I really had to go,” Danielle laughed, laying down beside her man. Danielle ran her hands over his soaking wet chest.

“That was sooo hot,” Authur moaned.

“The pee or the act?” Danielle laughed.

“Both,” wailed Authur.

“I never knew you were into that stuff,” Danielle said.

“I didn’t want you to think I was weird,” replied Authur.

“We…” Danielle’s voice broke off. “I am in love with sex in public places! I am the queen of weird!”

Arthur laughed. “I guess that’s true…”

“We are all into weird stuff,” Danielle said. “And guess what else?”

“What?”

Danielle smirked and licked her lips. “I think weird is sexy!”

“Oh, yeah?”

“Yeah…”

Danielle and Authur went back to making out.

“Girls are so cool,” Arthur moaned. “You guys are able to pee standing up! I want that!”

Danielle laughed. They went back to making out. While necking one another, Danielle grabbed Authur’s manhood and began running her hand up and down the shaft. She didn’t want Authur to lose his erection.

While Danielle gave Authur a hand job, Arthur ran his fingers around Danielle’s areola. Danielle felt her nipples harden into stone. Authur used his forefinger and his thumb to lightly squeeze Danielle’s left nipple. Danielle let out a sharp moan of delight. Authur then turned his attention to Danielle’s lady bits. Arthur got down and began licking his girlfriend’s clit.

Danielle continued to moan and let out small cries into the small wooded forest. As he gave Danielle oral sex, Authur lightly placed his fingers inside his girlfriend’s slippery vaginal canal and began thrusting. Danielle moaned even louder. Over time, Authur placed more fingers inside Danielle and he placed his whole lip around her clit and began sucking. Danielle felt ready to explode with excitement and gratification.

Eventually, Arthur placed his erect, condom-covered penis inside his girlfriend and began moving in and out of her. Danielle moaned and groaned. Arthur grunted.

“Bad girl, Danielle! Bad girl!” Arthur growled. Danielle moaned even louder upon hearing this dirty talk.

At this point, Danielle and Authur were both so fulfilled with their act, that they had both completely forgotten where they were. They cared about nothing more than making each other cum.

Unfortunately for them, an elderly couple of eight rounded the corner, out for a late night stroll. The park was empty at this time, but these two seniors made an appointment to visit every night for they both loved the scenery and the peaceful night time atmosphere.

Danielle felt close to cuming. She could feel her ejaculatory fluid ready to squirt out in a given moment. Danielle moaned.

Arthur grunted, telling Danielle what a naughty girl she was.

Danielle closed her eyes, feeling herself so close to climax when her ear canal received an unexpected and unpleasant surprise.

“Oh, Harold! What are they doing!” An elderly voice cried.

Police lights flashed like spotlights at a concert. Danielle and Authur stood, dressed once more, regretful expressions on their faces.

The elderly couple, Harold and his wife, Marie stood off to the side while a policeman asked for a report and took notes.

“Not to sound like a cliche old man,” Harold was saying. “But back in my day, you didn’t do these kinds of shenanigans in a public park! What has happened to this generation!” Harold waved his cane in the air just like the cliche old man he was trying to avoid acting like.

A policewoman approached Danielle and Authur. “Okay, you two,” she said. “Given the fact that this is your first offense and that no one was around when you… Began these acts… You are free to go. But in the future please remember this is a public park. Please do not attempt something like this again or there will be consequences. Understand?”

Danielle and Authur rapidly bobbed their heads, relieved to be let off the hook.

“You are letting these hooligans go!” Marie shouted.

“Is that wise?” Harold questioned.

The police tried to reassure the elderlies that everything was okay. Danielle and Authur took this opportunity to slip away and rushed back to their car.

Once safely inside their vehicle, Danielle sighed and said, “You were right… This was a bad idea.”

Arthur turned to fast Danielle as if she just told him she had toes where her fingers should be. “Are you nuts?” Arthur demanded. “I love this!”

Danielle’s head snapped in his direction. “You… You did?”

Arthur wagged his head up and down.

“But… We got caught,” Danielle pointed out.

“Well,” Arthur said. “I didn’t enjoy that part… But the rest of it… The excitement from getting caught, the golden shower, the handjob, all of it wonderful! I hope you enjoyed as well.”

Danielle had. But after getting caught, her spirits had dropped. But now, after hearing Authur’s words, Danielle realized how pleasurable this experience had been for her as well. Just as Authur had said, the golden shower, the oral sex, the handjob, Danielle had loved it all as well. And it was no surprise to Danielle that her boyfriend liked this activity only after trying it. That was her Authur!

“I would say we should do it again, but getting caught now would be pretty bad,” Arthur said.

Danielle grinned. “Then we just can’t get caught again.” Arthur smirked and so did Danielle. “Now let’s go home,” Danielle said, staring the car. “You have an orgasm to give me! And now that I think about it, my bladder feels kinda full. In other words, I think there is another golden shower I need to give you.”

Inside his boxers, Arthur’s limp penis instantly poked at the fabric of his shorts.

*001*2022-12-27 03:04

Here is the second short story I wrote for this series! Enjoy!

Ashley crossed her legs and held them tightly in place. One hand was down in her crotch while the other scribbled answers into an answer sheet. Ashley was nearly done with her damn test. Just a few more answers. Why did she decide to drink all that coffee this morning! Ashley had six cups of the stuff! She knew why. She was exhausted from pulling an all nighter studying for this damn test! Ashley is the kind of person that needs to drink coffee first thing in the morning anyway. But after studying all night long… She needed extra coffee!

On the bright side she was fully awake and the exam was easier than she had thought. The downside of course was that Ashley had half a dozen cups of caffeine swirling inside her bladder. Ashley had to keep her legs double crossed and squeeze her thigh for dear life. Almost there, only a few questions left!

This test was all multiple choice, which was where Ashley shined. Still, after one hundred and fifty questions, Ashley was growing tired of staring at this dumb paper while her bladder became more and more impatient.

Ashley was getting close, but with each answer she filled in, she felt her bladder ache even more. Why did school do this? Ashley understood that students could not leave during an exam out of fear of them cheating. But Ashley was not the kind of student to cheat. She made sure to study extra hard every night leading up to an exam, especially a big one like this. And while Ashley didn’t ace every test, per say, she tried her hardest and that was all she could do. But now, she was only trying her hardest not to soak her seat. Seriously, couldn’t a second professor escort students to the lavatory or something! This is the school system for you. They make students stay awake all night studying for tests and due to this, they must drink a lot of caffeine, and they are not even allowed restroom visits. The life of a college student was hard!

Squirming in her seat, Ashley finally finished her exam. She quickly shoved her pencil and eraser into her bag and stood up. Just standing put excess pressure down on her bladder, making Ashley wince. Ashley managed to stumble down the aisle, bag in one hand, test in the other. Ashley noticed that she was the only student left in the room. This was a small class to begin with, only a dozen some students. Ashley - while prepared - has always been a slow test taker.

“Finished,” the professor noticed Ashley hobbling over towards the front.

“Yes,” Ashley moaned, throwing her test carelessly on his desk.

“How was it?” The professor asked.

“Good,” Ashley kept her legs tight together.

“Yeah? Was it easy?” He wondered.

“A little.”

“Too easy or just easy?”

“Easy.”

“It's my first year here,” the professor blabbed on. “I want to make sure my tests aren’t impossible, but also not a cake walk. It is a fine balance, you know. I must balance all of my exams to make them doable for young minds, but also a bit of a challenge, know what I am saying?”

Ashley didn’t care one bit. In fact, she hardly heard her professor over her screaming bladder. All Ashley cared about at the present moment was finding the nearest urinal!

“Yes, yes,” Ashley wrapped up the conversation. “I am sorry, sir, but I must be going,” Ashley turned to make her escape.

“Oh? Any fun plans for the holiday weekend?” The professor asked.

“No,” Ashley said, doing her best to keep her voice level. She didn’t want to sound rude, nor did she want her voice to sound as desperate as her bladder felt. “But I am busy, I must be going.”

“Oh, what are you doing?” The professor wondered. “Not to put any pressure on you, I'm just curious. I like knowing about the personal lives of my students!”

Ashley was getting closer and closer to screaming at this man, ‘I am on my way to use the bathroom!’ But once again, she didn’t want to be rude nor did she want her professor to hear this statement.

“I am hanging out with my boyfriend,” Ashley said. This was nowhere near a lie. It was true, Ashley and her boyfriend of five years now, Josh were scheduled to hang out at her dorm later that night. But before then, Ashley’s bladder was begging for a quick urinal break.

“Oh, fun, well, don’t let me keep you,” the professor said. “Have a lovely long weekend!”

“You too, professor,” Ashley turned and sped out the door.

Ashley, unable to walk straight, was forced to hobble down the halls. Ashley passed a lovely plant which looked like it could use watering. If Ashley wasn’t so afraid of being caught, she would instantly stop in order to give that plant some refreshments! Instead, she kept her sphincter shut and managed to keep going.

Ashley was forced to walk past the lobby where there was a giant water fountain which sprayed water twenty feet into the air. Ashley shivered at the horrific sight of moving water. Ashley scrambled around the fountain, tuning out the rush of water, and kept going.

At long last, Ashley managed to make it to the restroom. She overheard - as well as saw - a student filling his water bottle at the fountain. Watching the water spray from the nozzle and listening to the panging of it as the water hit the metal bottle and filled to the tippy top… Ashley’s bladder could take it no longer! How Ashley was eager to sprint up to the urinal, open her fly, yank her panties aside, and just gush!

Ashley’s fantasy of blessed relief was cut short however, when she noticed her worst fear. Something she dreaded even more than failing that test… Plastered above the door was an ‘out of order’ sign.

Ashley stood, paralyzed, her hands in her crotch and her feet moving up and down, gawking at the rotten red and white sign, keeping her from her urinal break!

“The ladies’ room is out of order,” the student filling his metal water bottle said, as if Ashley couldn’t read the sign. “Guess one of the pipes in the urinal broke and there was a flood.” The student casually sipped his water. The slurping sounds were hazardous for Ashley’s dangerously full bladder! “You girls are so lucky!” The male student said. “I’d love to be able to pee in a urinal!”

Ashley knew she must look pretty stupid standing there, a twenty-five year old woman, doing the full fledged potty dance. But she also knew that if she didn’t dance, she would pee. And that would make her look even more stupid!

The student didn’t seem to notice Ashley’s dire predicament, however. He was too busy daydreaming about using the urinal. Ashley couldn’t say as she blamed him. Urinals were super fun and convenient too! Truthfully… Ashley was also currently fantasizing about using a urinal. But not in the same way this guy was.

The student walked off. Knowing her chances of using the urinal were lost, Ashley turned and began hobbling back across the building.

Ashley had to pass the fountain in the lobby again. And as if that wasn’t bad enough, the lawn outside the building has automatic sprinklers that were shooting millions of droplets of water all over the grass. Ashley understood why. It was a hot day out after all. The college didn’t want the grass to die. But right now, watching all of this water, was causing Ashley’s bladder to die!

Knees together, hands in crotch, Ashley sprinted across campus. Fortunately, it was a time of day where the campus was mostly empty of students. There were a few students chilling, but most were either inside in class, or inside avoiding the hot day out. Ashley was grateful so many were gone, but she didn’t care who saw her anymore. She just needed a restroom!

As she ran, Ashley felt her bouncing cause her bladder to swell in size each time she bounced. Ashley felt her overfilled bladder get closer and closer to bursting with each step she took. Ashley’s dorm was halfway across campus. She wasn’t sure if she could make it. Ashgley debated going inside one of these other buildings to pee. But all of her classes were in the science center - where she came from - Ashley didn’t know any of these other buildings. It was only her second semester on campus. She was afraid she would be unable to navigate these other buildings and find a bathroom. And if she did fail at finding a bathroom in these other buildings, then she would have wasted precious time getting back to her dorm. No, the best thing to do was to keep moving.

Ashley suddenly remembered there was a second bathroom on the second floor of the science center. Why hadn’t she just used that one? She really was stupid! Oh, well, no turning back now! She may not have been able to do the stairs in her current condition, anyway.

Ashley was halfway back to her dorm, when she was called over by Liam, her roommates' boyfriend.

“What is it, Liam?” Ashley asked, unable to keep from jogging in place. Ashley reluctantly lifted her hands from her crotch, turned them into fists, and held them in front of her to make it look less obvious. But each bounce caused her bladder to shake and all that coiffee threatened to come out. “Kinda busy,” Ashley again feared being rude. She liked Liam. he was a nice guy! But she wished people would stop bothering her when she was so desperate to use the restroom.

“Sorry, to bother you while you are jogging,” Liam said, having successfully bought Ashley’s ruse. “I just wanted to tell you the dorm building is going to be closed for a few hours. Probably until midnight.”

Ashley recoiled. “Come again?”

“There was a gas leak,” Liam explained. “No one is allowed back in for a while. They say it will take six to ten hours to clean up.”

“SIX TO TEN HOURS!!!” Ashley stopped all movement, quietly kicking herself for being so loud.

“Yeah, you okay?” Liam asked in alarm.

“Umm…” Ashley considered telling Liam her predicament. Liam was a kind guy. He would never make fun of her. But it was just too embarrassing. Still, Liam was a smart guy. If anyone had a solution, it would be him. Plus, he took classes all over campus. And he was a junior here. Liam would know how to navigate half of these buildings. But Ashley just couldn’t bring herself to tell her roommates' boyfriend the state of her bladder. So, she instead just said,

“I’m fine, just upsetting is all…”

“Yeah, but I’m sure we can find things to do until the gas leak is cleaned up,” Liam said. “It is Friday night! We should go out and do something anyway!”

“Yeah,” Ashley managed. “I’m sorry, I have to get going.”

“Ah, yes, of course. See you later!” Liam waved.

“See yeh,” Ashley turned. As soon as Liam was gone, Ashley bent down and hugged her crotch. Why hadn’t she just asked Liam if he knew where to find a bathroom! Half of the people on campus have seen her do the potty dance at this point anyway! But Ashley just couldn’t bring herself to say it with her words.

But now what? First the ladies’ room floods. Then the dorm building has a gas leak. What next?

Ashley’s mind went numb with panic. Her bladder stung. Her bladder was full and unattended to. Her sphincter trembled. Ashley knew if she didn’t pee now, she would lose all control. Ashley did have one idea… But if she was caught, she might get expelled. But desperate times call for desperate measures!

Ashley snuck behind the closest building. No one was outside today anyway, it was simply too hot. Ashley herself was sweating buckets. Partly due to the hot day, but also due to the fullness of her bladder and the strength it took keeping her sphincter closed all the way. Ashley was hot and tired. She stayed up all night studying. She just wanted to pee and sleep. But since her dorm was closed, she could do neither. Well, she might not be able to sleep. But she certainly could pee! And she would pee one way or another!

Ashley looked to the left, she looked to the right, she tooled to the left again. She saw no one. Ashley gained control of her past moving legs. She stood with her feet hip width apart and unzipped her jeans. Ashley pulled her purple underwear to the side and allowed a strong stream of hot clear liquid to shoot from her pee hole and smash against the side of the building. Ashley let a breath escape from her lips as urinating felt terrific!

Ashley stared down at her business. She watched as her completely clear urine came from her throbbing pee hole, past her vaginal lips, in between the flaps of her jeans, past her zipper and button, onto the brick wall, and finally ended its journey by rolling down the brick. Ashley noticed the brick wall was becoming darker and darker. Between the dark bricks and the fact that her piss stank of coffee, Ashley knew someone would discover this eventually. But they had no way of telling it was hers. 

And rain was expected to come in over the long weekend and put an end to this drought. If Ashley was lucky, no one would come back here for the next couple of days. And even if they did, again, no one would be able to tell she was the culprit! Out of all the people on campus, no one could tell she did this! Ashley did realize however that should someone discover this before the rains came, they would know for a fact that a female was the one behind this. No man had the ability to get their pee to go so far up the wall.

Ashley didn’t care much anyway. She did her very best to just shut off her brain and enjoy the feeling of her bladder emptying.

With all the coffee she drank - plus some water last night - Ashley’s urination lasted for several minutes. But when it finally ended, Ashley jiggled her womanhood to shake off the last few drops. She then allowed her panties to fall back into place, she buttoned and zipped, and went back to the front of the building.

That’s when it hit Ashley… Her bladder may be empty, but she was still stuck outside of her dorm. What would she do for the next six hours? Suddenly noticing the dryness of her mouth, Ashley decided to take a beverage break. Sure, she may have to pee again before the dorm was able to be entered again, but that was a problem for a few hours from now!
