Alternate Reality Where Women Stand and Men Sit to Pee Scenarios

Author: UrineLover1

*016*2023-01-26 04:37

Story seventeen:

(I might have gotten confused with the story numbers. Sorry for any confusion!)

Eshe downed a shot of tequila in one swig. “Whooie!” She cried, holding her hands to the sky. The bracelets on her wrists clattered from the sudden motion like two animals startled by a loud noise. “I’m still feelin’ good,” Eshe cried. This was only half true. All that liquor was working its way through Eshe quickly. It made her seriously reconsider this bet. But she had already made the bet and now all eyes in the entire bar were on her, waiting and watching with anticipation. Eshe felt like she was an alien species and a group of scientists were watching her. They didn’t say anything or do anything. They just wanted to see how she reacted. That’s exactly what the bar patrons were doing right now. They just wanted to see what Eshe was going to react to all of that diuretic liquid sloshing around inside like angry monkeys trapped in a steel cage.

“Bartender, fix mama up with another round a shots!” Eshe called. The entire bar gasped. The bar tended looked as if Eshe just asked him to switch her shampoo for acid.

“You sure, ma’am,” he asked.

“Course I’m sure! Another shot, please!”

“Okay. You’re the boss,” the bartender slid another glass down, western style and Eshe downed it in seconds.

Hours passed and Eshe drank more and more. The entire bar hadn’t moved an inch. They just kept watching, waiting for any signs of desperation!

Eshe could seriously feel it. Now, every time she turned her bar stool towards the counter to drink, she snuck a very long, satisfying crotch-grab.

Eshe had told these people the properties of alcohol had almost no effect on her. She had also said her bladder was like an elephant’s. Both statements were true. But even Eshe had her limits, and she knew that too.

Eshe finished her twenty-ninth tequila shot that night. A bar patron behind her stood and said, “Miss, you have proven your point. I say you have won the bet. You have held way longer than anyone could have!” The others cheered in agreement. “You don’t have to do this no more.”

But Eshe did. This wasn’t just about winning. It was about going as far as she could.

Thirty-two shots, six beers, and a wine down, and Eshe’s bladder was ready to blow. But she refused to leave. She would keep holding it as long as possible. Eshe’s long black hair flopped behind her like a wall of bats. Her earrings jangled and her necklaces bounced. Eshe was busy bouncing her leg up and down at rapid speed. Her hands were shuffled in the folds of her two piece black dress. Eshe pulled up her bra a bit and went back to holding. She could feel even her breasts sweating. Eshe’s eyes were riddled with desperation. Eshe had the biggest bladder of any one here, but it was so filled up with alcohol, at this point her bladder was no different than an elderly person's.

Eshe’s bladder was cramping and her skin was beaded with perspiration. Eshe noticed her bladder stand out amongst her very dark skin. Her bladder was so stretched, it looked like she would be going into labor any second now.

Eshe could no longer hold still, but she still refused to go pee. She held and she held, and she held. Her muscles were burning, and her bladder was quacking inside her abdomen. She held the entire Pacific Ocean back with just her bare muscles.

Eshe was a fierce competitor, but she was also smart. She knew very well how much her body could take. Eshe looked around. All eyes were on her. And each pair of eyes was as wide as golf balls, mouths open to let emotionless air exit. Everyone stopped and stared. Eshe finally stood. Everyone sucked in their breath.

Hands in crotch, Eshe looked to everyone apologetically. “Mama’s gonna take a hot piss! See yeh all,” she announced and then zoomed to the ladies’ room. She could feel all eyes on her as she did so, but she kind of liked that.

Bladder bursting full the whole way, Eshe zipped into the ladies room and lifted her skirt. Her black high heels stood in a puddle, but she didn’t care. Eshe stood at the urinal trough. Not caring where she aimed, she relaxed her muscles and moaned with pleasure as hours and hours of tequila, beer, wine, and other alcohol came gushing from her pitch labia like water from a whale’s blow hole.

Eshe panted and heaved. Even with her colossal bladder and her extreme control over it, she could feel herself losing the battle. Eshe smirked and breathed for it felt amazing to spray her torrent from her powerful lips all over the sea of ice chips in the trough. Eshe stood there and pissed like never before and she could feel herself ready to cum too. That one she didn’t need to tell her bar friends!

*017*2023-03-04 21:42

Sophia lay on her muscular back, bench pressing a one hundred and twenty-pound dumbbell. Sweat trickled down her face. Her huffing fogged up her teal-rimmed glasses. But the weight of the dumbbell was not the only weight Sophia was currently struggling to lift.

On her bench, Sophia kept her legs crossed tight. She could feel the morning coffee she drank bubbling inside her bladder. Sophia hasn't peed all day. The last pee she took was at four O’clock this morning when she first awoke from her dreams.

Sophia’s bladder felt like the inside of a whale’s mouth. So filled with water it needed to drain. Sophia wrestled with the idea of dropping her weights and dashing into the restroom. But she was bodybuilding. She could handle a little pee. She wasn’t one of those small bladdered ladies that have to tinkle every time she takes a sip of water. Sophia breathed and continued lifting.

The hour passed and Sophia’s workout sensation ended. She gently lowered her dumbbell and climbed to her feet. The pressure inside Sohpia’s bladder was enough to make her grasp the crotch of her jeans with her mighty fist made of meat. Sophia chewed her lip. Her incredibly long blonde hair was getting in her face. Sophia removed one hand from her face and used her strong finger to push her glasses back up her nose bridge. Taking a deep breath, Sophia staggered onward.

The gym was mostly empty today. Sophia’s heavy movements appeared to shake the ground. Her knees felt like jelly. Sophia could hold on! She must! Her sphincter was a muscle too. And if Sophia had strong body muscles, she must have a strong sphincter muscle.

The blonde rounded the corner, but was halted by her worst fear… An out-of-order sign was stapled to the bathroom door. Sophia used words that would have made a grandmother have a heart attack. Bouncing around, the urgent girl knew her only hope was going home. But it was a ten-minute drive and she was bursting. Why did she have so much damn liquid to drink? That was it!

Sophia turned and spotted the water fountain in the hallway beside her. The hallway was cut away so it was mostly out of sight of the main area. No one was here. Sophia could feel her bladder cracking under the pressure. She had no other option. Realizing this was her last resort, Sophia decided she would indeed do this. However, she would only get the initial pressure off. Nothing more!

Dancing in front of the fountain, Sophia unzipped her dark jeans and pulled open the buckle. Opening her jeans fly as wide as possible, Sophia had to bite her tongue to avoid moaning in bliss. A strong spell of urine appeared through the flap of fabric and splashed down into the fountain, rolling down the drain. The smell was strong. It was definitely coffee pee! Sophia prayed that no one would come back and see her like this. The girl expelled the contents of her bladder, allowing herself to drain away the agony.

Sophia’s stream was as clear as water. An excellent sign of good hydration. Sophia could feel her bladder shrink with each passing second, with each drop that exited the strong woman’s pee hole, she felt a gallon of pressure leave her body.

Sophia remembered how she promised herself just to get the initial pressure off. Well, that pressure certainly was off. Sophia peed so much, she knew she would have no issues holding now. It was sick and wrong of her to use this water fountain as her own personal urinal. Sophia had to stop and find her dignity! But oh, this sensation felt too perfect to stop! Sophia felt as if her organs were made of cell phones stuck on vibrate. Sophia’s entire body shook with glee. She changed her mind and refused to stop now. Just a little longer. What harm could it do to empty a little more?

So, Sophia stood there and pissed as hard as she could, eager to get it all out. Every time Sophia told herself she would stop, she kept going. Sophia knew she could stop. She already felt a load better! But she wouldn’t stop. She wouldn’t stop until it was all out.

‘You feel better! Stop! Go home and finish there!’ Sophia scolded herself.

‘No,’ her bladder retorted. ‘This feels too good! Keep going!’

‘I can’t…’

‘You can! Pee! Pee like you mean it!’

Sophia continued arguing with herself, completely unaware of the clock above her head. The minute hand rolled around the surface of the gadget. The time soon changed from 5:05 to 5:20. And then from 5:20 to 5:30. And from 5:30 to 5:45.

Sophia continued scolding herself, ordering herself to stop peeing and go home. But her body refused to cooperate. Her sphincter muscle had the ability to close. But it didn’t want to. Sophia's hands had the ability to button her jeans, but they refused.

Finally, Sophia’s stream died down. She gave a final push and expelled the rest of her kidney juice into the water fountain. Sophia wiped her forehead with the back of her hand, shaking off the last of her sweat. “Phew,” she moaned to herself. “Relief!” Realizing she was suddenly very thirsty from that workout - both physical and urinary - Sophia hunched over and began drinking from the same fountain she just evacuated her bladder into.

Once her thirst and urination needs were satisfied, Sophia made her way to the front doors of the gym, only to learn… They were locked. Sophia looked at the clock and with a start realized how late it was. How long was she peeing? The gym closed at five thirty and now, it was well past that time! Sophia - having been in the back - must have been out of sight of the gym owner and because the bathrooms were out of order, no one thought to check that hallway.

Sophia’s only option was to return to the bench press and exercise, waiting for the doors to unlock in the morning.

*018*2023-03-04 23:54

Sonya Blade tucked and rolled for cover behind a massive boulder. The sharpshooter peeked behind her rocky hiding spot and aimed her glove. She pressed a button and a red laser fired from it. The laser blasted one of the enemies straight off of the cliffside.

Lasers flew in all directions. Screams mixed with the sounds of weapons rung in the air like the world’s largest sneeze. Pew pew pew pew.

Sonya Blade stuffed her hand deep inside her black jeans and moaned. Why did her damn belt have to be so tight over her biological need? After adjusting the accursed thing, Ms. Blade pulled a gun from her holster and squeezed her pussy one final time, shoving back the water she had with lunch.

Sonya Blade knew her target. The general of the enemy army. The fierce woman swung her braid behind her neck and leaped from her cover. Sonya charged across the battlefield dodging lasers and incoming attacks from enemies. All of the running, jumping, and maneuvering was like a series of abuse for her bladder.

Finally, the sharpshooter made her way to the opposite end of the battlefield. Before the enemy general could even react, Sonya held up her gun and fired him in the back of the head.

It was over. Without their general, the enemy unit fell apart. Soon a military helicopter arrived to pick up the heroes.

“Ms. Blade, once again, we owe the safety of the country to you,” the commander said, shouting to be heard over the helicopter blades. “If not for your quick actions, we would have… Say, are you okay, ma’am?”

Try as she might, Sonya was unable to keep from wiggling in her seat. She held her hands to her crotch and rocked back and forth on them. “I’m fine,” she lied. “You are quite welcome… Um… How long until we get home?”

“About an hour,” called the commander.

Sonya cursed in her head. She would have to distract herself if she had any hope of making it home. Sonya shut her eyes and began to count in her mind.

This strategy worked. Sonya focused on the numerical system and her mind slowly drifted away from her urgent business.

When Sonya reached number 627, one of her allies spoke up, pulling Sonya’s brain away from her numbers and back to reality.

“Ms. Blade,” said the ally. “Your uniform is covered in holes.”

It was true. During the battle, the enemy fired many lasers at Sonya. And while they were not powerful enough to take out the great Ms. Blade, they certainly did a number on her uniform. The upper piece anyway. Her pants were just fine, but her shirt looked like a piece of military swiss cheese.

Crossing her large, heavily armored legs tightly, Sonya said, “Yes, it is,” annoyed with this man for stating such an obvious fact.

“Do you wish to remove that piece of cloth?” asked the ally. “It must be uncomfortable to wear a holey uniform. Especially one that is still smoking from laser bullets.”

Sonya quickly patted out some of the smoke on one of the larger holes. “It is fine,” she insisted. “Besides, I fear I am not wearing anything underneath. Not even a bra. I shall change when we get back to base.”

“You don’t wear a bra?” the ally asked, excitement filling his eyes.

“Quite, Leon,” snapped Ms. Blade.

Ms. Blade attempted to resume her counting. But she was sick of listening to numbers roll around in her mind. Plus, now her need was too great to distract with simple math.

Looking over the edge of the helicopter, Ms. Blade cursed. They were cursing above a rather large body of water. Sonya could feel the very sight sting her eyes and burn her bladder. Her liquid waste made for the exit, but the tough sharp shooter clamped it off. If only she were alone, she would piss from the helicopter without a second thought. She would just stand at the edge, open her belt and fly, and let her rip, not caring where her liquid suffering landed on earth as long as it left her internal organs.

Sonya could feel herself about to leak just thinking of such a joyous thought. She quickly silenced her mind and squeezed her vulva through her jeans as tight as humanly possible, begging the helicopter would reach base soon.

After many more bursting moments, the helicopter finally touched down at the base. Sonya - not waiting for anyone else, not even bothering to say goodbye - leaped from the aircraft and sprinted across the lawn with her hands stuffed between her thick thighs.

Sonya’s pale skin was dripping with sweat, her braid slashed behind her like an angry snake’s tail, and the necklace she wore bounced up and down off of her breasts.

As she raced into the barracks, Sonya was already undoing her belt. Sonya tore off the metal contraption, her gadgets swaying from it like a wind chime. Just getting that small amount of pressure off was very satisfying for the sharpshooter. Sonya tossed the gadget onto a nearby bench and stripped off her holey shirt, allowing her boobs to hang free.

With the intention of going into the shower once her pee was complete, Sonya’s feet flew forward until she stood in front of a toilet along the row. Sonya tore open her fly with bear claws and ripped the flap as far open as it would go. After pulling her panties out of the way, Sonya gave a deep, heavy breath that shook her whole form as she finally let go and emptied her body’s waste into the bowl.

Sonya realized too late that she forgot to lift the seat. But she didn’t care. She just peed.

Another woman entered the barracks and stood on Sonya’s left, two toilets down. She too opened her fly. But this woman took the time to also lift the toilet seat. The woman began peeing. Her pee was even noisier than Sonya’s desperate one.

Sonya closed her eyes and steadied her breathing as she felt her stream break apart into two and three and splatter the rim of the toilet seat.

“Hey,” called the military lady. “If I may, why are you shirtless?”

“Gonna take a shower next,” Sonya said, with her eyes closed. This was true. Sonya just left out the part about her uniform being ruined as it did not concern this woman.

“I might as well,” said Sonya’s bathroom partner. “Man! Feels good to piss, doesn’t it?”

“You have no idea,” Sonya promised, holding her head back and allowing a cloud of relief to escape.

The sounds of gurgling grew heavy in the bathroom as the two women stopped their conversation and focused on draining their piss tanks. Eventually, the woman finished. She zipped and waved goodbye to Sonya. Sonya watched the woman make her way to the showers and noticed that she left the seat up. Sonya resumed her own peaceful urination. She could feel her boots grow heavy as she stood in this spot much longer than she expected.

Sonya remained there for so long, three women were able to enter, pee, and leave. At long last, the woman from before exited the showers and as she dried off, she cried, “Good god, woman, are you still pissing?”

“Uh-huh.”

“Jesus Crist, that is a big piss,” the woman exclaimed. “Well, enjoy yourself.”

The woman left and Sonya continued to blast piss all over the toilet seat. The water was now a deep yellow as Sonya fired wave after wave of piss into the pot. And just when Sonya thought her stream was dying, it sprang back up at full force. Sonya breathed out her annoyance. She always struggled with peeing for far too long.

After what felt like a century, Sonya shook the last dribbles of urine from her strong lady parts and gave her jeans a good zipping. Sonya then made her way to the shower, her breasts knocking into one another and her gun holster swishing to and fro as she went.

*019*2023-03-05 00:45

Samantha kept one hand on the wheel. With her head tilted back, she used the other hand to hold her water bottle and dump hydration into her throat. Samantha gulped and swallowed wildly. The level of water slowly went down until only a few drops remained and they too fell from the plastic bottle and onto Samantha’s tongue. Samantha tossed the now empty bottle into the back of her truck. The plastic bottle landed alongside countless others. Samantha smacked her lips, refreshed. This Arizona heat sure did things to you. For one, it made one as thirsty as a panting canine eating peanut butter.

Samantha hummed along to the song on her radio. That’s when she felt a sudden twinge in her bladder. Samantha looked around. She was on the open road, driving along a rocky highway far out from civilization. Samantha knew the obvious solution and she was excited for it. But she didn’t wish to stop just yet. She was making great time. Even if she cut out searching for a rest stop, she wasn’t a big fan of stopping for anything when she was on a roll.

Samantha drove on, winding down the desert roads. She sang along with the radio. The summer sun was beating down. The air conditioner didn’t work too well in Samantha’s rusty old truck. The once mighty air conditioner now only blows enough air to power a whirligig. Samantha’s father had owned this truck for fifty years and now passed it onto his daughter. Lots of great memories in this old tinker.

Like the time Samantha and her parents and husband went on a long road trip just a couple years ago. Sadly, it had been her last road trip with her elderly father. Samantha had drank far too much soda and ended up filling up two entire beer bottles with piss. Her family was highly impressed. Samnantha sure has a knack for pissing. Speaking of, her urge was growing dire. But not dire enough to stop.

Samanatha would stop soon to let out the water giant. In the meantime, she cracked open another bottle of water and began to down it. The sun was blazing and Samantha’s throat was drying quickly. It was a loving feeling to hose down her windpipes with cool, refreshing H2O.

But all of this water drinking came with a price. Before Samantha knew it, she was dancing in her seat. And not because of the song on the radio. Samantha knew her bladder’s time was fast approaching. She had to use all the muscles in her body to hold back the flood brought on my hours and hours of binge drinking water. The heavily tanned girl needed relief now!

Samantha made to pull over on the side of the road. But before she had the chance, her phone buzzed with the alert of an incoming call.

“Fuck,” Samantha cursed. “What now?” She tapped a button on the truck and allowed the car to answer her phone for her. “Hello?” Samantha called into the truck’s speaker phone.

“Hello, Samantha?” asked the voice on the other end.

“This is Mr. Johnson with the Arizona museum,” the voice said. “I was just wondering when we can expect your delivery?”

“I’ve just entered the state,” Samantha replied. “I’m driving through the desert right now. I’d say about two and a half hours to go.”

“Excellent! What vehicle should we be expecting?” the curator wondered.

“Look for a rusty gray geep,” Samantha replied.

“Oh, you are not coming in a museum truck?” asked the curator.

“Hell no, this is my dad’s truck. I drive it everywhere in his honor,” Samantha said. “I… I lost him last year.”

“Oh, I am so sorry.”

“Yeah, well, he left this truck to me and I want to use it every chance I get.”

“Understandable. Okay, so we should see you in two and a half hours.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Thank you.”

“Thank you.”

“Bye.”

“Bye, bye.”

Samantha hung up and shivered from her urinary urgency. She clamped a hand over her groin and pulled over to the side of the road. According to the GPS, Samantha would be stuck in the desert for another ninety minutes. She was sick of this heat. Normally Samantha loved heat, but this was too much. Once the truck came to a halt on the side of the dusty road, in a desperate attempt to cool herself down, Samantha yanked off her shirt and tossed it into the back. No cars were around. She was all alone and would be for a majority of this trip. It was fine. Samantha also unclipped her bra and tossed that into the back as well. She noticed her bra left markings on her skin, making her boobs appear white while the rest of her skin was a rich tan. This was an impressive tan line, to be honest. Samantha could actually see the exact outline of her bra against the rest of her body. Samantha also thought of taking her shorts off, but decided to leave them on so she wasn’t driving completely naked.

Samantha adjusted her light green ‘Sassy’ cap and climbed from the vehicle. The bracelets on her wrist clattered against one another and her necklace became stuck between the fat of her breasts. Samantha found her nipples to be suddenly very hard and firm. But she couldn’t stress about that right now. Her bladder was currently creating far more stress than she needed.

Checking the time on her cell phone, it was currently 2:46.

As Samantha climbed from her truck, her combat boots kicked up twin trails of dust. Samantha could feel the blazing hot sun cause her breasts and six-pack abs to prickle with warmth. Why did Samantha volunteer to drive this dumb museum exhibit through the lifeless desert anyway?

Samantha stood beside her truck, her bare back pressed against the blazing metal. Samantha’s strong and muscular legs wobbled slightly as she did an urgent pee dance. Samantha opened the fly of her shorts and pulled her underwear aside.

At long last, Samantha was able to wet the sand, so to speak, and let the water drain from her body.

“Poa-huou,” Samantha gurgled as a heavy pluounck sound rang from below her. Samantha guided her stream between her legs and hosed down the yellow earth turning it brown with her body’s moisture.

Samantha heard the unmistakable sound of a car speed by behind her. She had no idea cars of any kind were out in the desert. She wondered if they saw her. Probably. But who cares, she’s a woman, she has a right to stand and piss. Samantha’s head fell back against the boiling hot metal truck and her tongue fell from her mouth, lapping up the dry desert air. Samantha pissed away her bladder’s strain and it was the most miraculous sensation of her life. Well, except for the time she filled up those two beer bottles with her family.

Samantha scratched the back of her noggin. She remained on the highway peeing and peeing. Samantha playfully used her pee to spell out every single letter of the alphabet. She then used her pee to hose down a few tiny patches of grass, hoping her urine would give them life. Still nowhere near being empty, Samantha used her pee to draw a picture of her father’;s truck in the sand. She whistled and hummed to pass the time. She breathed out her frustration at this lengthy pee and kept on urinating.

Samantha heard many more vehicles pass in the coming minutes. Samantha knew she drank a lot of water, but this was ridiculous. Just when she thought she was done, she quickly resumed her gush. The entire ground was so wet, you would think it was a swamp rather than a desert.

After many more pee filled minutes, Samantha’s bladder finally became as dry as the desert she stood in. Samantha at long last let out her final squirt then shook off and rezipped.

Once back in her truck, Samantha had to be careful not to hit her giant nude boobs on the wheel. It was now 3:13. Holy crap! That couldn’t be right… Well, there went an entire half hour. Samantha would have to call the curator and tell him she would be a half hour later than expected. Nah, screw it. She would get there when she gets there.

As she pulled away from the curb, Samantha spotted her stack of still full water bottles. The desert sun was still making her thirsty. Plus, after that extra long pee she just took, Samantha could certainly do with adding more fluid to her system. And so, Samantha grabbed the nearest water bottle and began chugging again only to restart this cycle again soon enough.

*020*2023-03-05 23:06

Trish lay her body as close to the earth as possible. Her annoying breasts were pushing up against her face like squishy hippity hop balls. Her face was beaded with sweat which rolled down into her forest-green eyes. This same sweat plastered her brunette hair to her pale skin, covering her freckled face. Trish’s bladder was stretched to its limit, but she didn’t dare move, she didn’t dare hold herself. Still waiting six hours after drinking two gallons of water will do that to a person. Trish was more desperate than she ever thought she could be. She was moments from giving up for the day and taking a piss break.

Worst of all, she ended up taking her dumb boyfriend’s bag today. Now, she was stuck in his zipperless sweatpants. Not wanting to wear his fluffy pink tank top, she instead wore just her black sports bra in place of a shirt. She also had her knee pads to protect her sensitive knees from the hard ground and she wore her belt with a holster on the side. The huntress felt her six-pack kiss the dirt and her brown sneakers stood upright behind her. Her only source of shade was the camouflage cap she wore. Her muscles first clutched her gun, aiming at the empty meadow before her. Even with her bladder in a state as hard as her muscles, the huntress managed to stay still and stay quiet, waiting for her prey.

What made this even more difficult was the fact that Trish chose to wait for her prey by this passing river. Of course, she knew that the creatures of the forest must come here to drink. This would normally be considered the perfect spot to sit and wait for the hunt. But when your bladder is as full as Trish’s currently was, listening to those damn water noises is beyond painful. Trish wished she could squirm or at least cross her legs. She was holding back literal gallons and her sphincter was losing its patience, as was she. Six hours. Six hours and nothing!

It was her boyfriend’s clothes. They were the reason no prey was coming. The animals were able to see right through her. Whatever. Trish’s bladder couldn’t take this torture anymore. Just as she made to stand, she heard a rustling noise that clearly resembled grass being flattened by hooves. On cue, a doe appeared from the thicket. She stepped up to a flowing river and bowed her head.

The majestic beast began to lap up water. Each splishy splashy sound went straight to Trish’s bladder. She felt the cotton of her underwear get moist from a little leak she was unable to stop. Trish would have to do this fast… For her bladder’s sake.

Trish raised her gun to the creature’s heart and pulled the trigger.

One bullet, that’s all it took.

The she-deer fell to the ground in a pool of her own blood. She lay beautifully by the river, life draining from her eyes, she was hunted. Trish would collect her trophy in a moment. First, an even greater matter was attracting her attention.

Trish jumped to her sneakers, shuffling her gun into her holster. Her bladder was ready to cave in like a two week old jack-o-lantern.

Trish charged for the brush. Thanks to her boyfriend’s zipperless sweatpants, Trish would have to pull the whole thing down. Trish worked rapidly to undo her belt. The summer sun beat down on her skin. Trish wished she could just sweat out her piss. But no. Her piss would have to come out of her pussy and it needed out now.

Trish’s belt undone, she yanked down the sweats to her lower thighs and tugged her white underwear - spotted from her dribble - to the side, allowing her fat pussy lips to hang free. Trish used her free hand to grasp the area around her labia and guide them upwards just as a thick stream of pale yellow fluid emerged.

“OHH… Ahhhhhhh…” sighed the huntress. Her overwhelmed bladder finally drained, pushing all of the golden water past the urinary sphincter, down the pee tube, through the pee hole, and out of the labia. Trish aimed her stream into the grass and took much satisfaction from the hissing sound her rather noisy piss created.

Scratching her behind and smacking her lips with repose, Trish allowed herself to void urine away into the blades of greenery at her feet. This was by far the most relaxing feeling the huntress had ever felt. Even more relaxing than shooting her prey.

Trish aimlessly peed into the grass of the forest. The huntress just dropped the weight of her muscles and allowed her whole body to go into a state of mindfulness as the gallons of water she drank rushed forth from her pussy lips at supersonic speeds. Trish’s piss stream was so powerful, she would surely be done in no time. So she thought, that is.

Instead, Trish stood there until the sun moved from the upper half of the western sky all the way to the western horizon. Sunset came and with it a red, orange, and yellow sky. Trish’s stream finally stopped altogether. Then… Pissss came a second stream. Trish grunted, tiredly planting her heels up and down into the earth. Trish whistled, holding her head back, and moaned.

PIssssssss echoed her stream through the valley. Trish continued whistling to pass the time. She looked up at the trees, watching the nighttime birds flutter about. Trish’s stream finally ended. Then it started again.

Trish held her head down, angling her stream father away from her feet. “Come on, come on,” she muttered to herself. “Finish already…” Her stream stopped… Then came another one.

Trish remained there until the first darkness arrived when her beast of a bladder finally shriveled itself dry and unloaded. Looks like she would have to remove the doe’s head for her wall and head home right away. Trish finally shook off her still-wet minge and pulled up her pants. Redoing her belt, she stumbled over to her kill, ready to do what she had to do.

At least her bladder was now emptied. And the grass behind her was pushed to the ground with no hopes of surviving. The poor grass was overly hydrated after Trish’s mega piss.

*021*2023-03-06 00:53

Yubi could feel the cold beer pushing past her cherry-colored lipstick. She slammed the empty glass down and wiped beer residue from her upper lip. “Bartender,” she called over the music. “Give me…” she paused, thinking. “Let’s try a margarita now.”

The bartender slid the drink her way. Yubi gulped down the drink in a total of three swallows. Her black four-inch heel boot was rapidly pounding against the floorboards. Yubi imagined her bladder having a sign that read, ‘Emergency! Emergency!’ How she had to pee! But Yubi held it. The ladies’ room was locked. A woman had locked herself in, in order to vomit out her night’s alcohol intake. Why this bar only had a single person’s bathroom, Yubi had no clue. She debated using the men’s, but she didn’t want to get caught. Besides, they didn’t have a urinal and urinals were the best part about peeing in public bathrooms, Yubi thought.

So, the large woman was forced to hold in her golden sea. The beer she had just drank was already making its way through her kidneys. It shouldn’t be long until she popped. Yubi could - and should just head home. But she didn’t want to leave just yet. She was determined to drink as much as possible before leaving.

Even if she did leave, Yubi lived far away and she was most certainly drunk. She would have to call an uber and that would take too long. Time her bladder no longer had. Yubi kept her eyes on the bathroom hallway, hoping and praying that bitch would come out soon. But no signs of anyone. Yubi may have to sneak into the men’s toilet. Her alcohol wasn’t going to wait until she found the ‘perfect’ toilet.

Yubi rested her massive breasts on the bar counter. Her boobs were so huge, they acted as bean bag chairs for Yubi’s head. Her silky black shimmered in the bar’s light. Yubi was very much aware of her nipples showing through her tight white shirt. She pulled her black leather jacket tighter around her and freed one of her nipple rings which had gotten caught on her top.

“Excuse me, sir,” Yubi called. “Is there another bathroom in this place? Some bitch is puking in the ladies’ room.”

The bartender - pouring a drink - looked up and frowned. “Sorry, miss, only that and the men’s room and I doubt you want to go in there.”

“I’m about to,” Yubi grumbled under her breath.

But apparently, the bartender had good hearing as he replied with a chuckle and said, “Probably cleaner than the ladies’ room though, huh?”

Yubi thought of the sloppy women’s room and how there was pee everywhere. She doubted the men’s room was that filthy anyway.

Yubi’s smooth skin was gleaming with sweat at the failing effort to hold in the flood. A bead of sweat rolled down her cheek and met up with the tiny mole. Her thin eyebrows were scrunched and her throat felt tighter than an unopened toothpaste tube. Yubi feared she wouldn’t even be able to leave. How on earth would she be able to call an uber and get home in time? Her body was in such terrible condition. Why did she wait so long?

“Hey, miss,” the bartender whispered as he cleaned a glass. Yubi opened her eyelids to look at the man with her sweaty, tear-filled eyes. “I shouldn’t do this,” he said. “But I can tell you are in a great deal of pain… In between the men's and women’s rooms, you will see a janitor’s closet. Go in there and you will find several buckets. Use them if you really can’t hold them. I’ll empty them after the bar closes.”

Yubi’s eyes welled with even more tears. But these were tears of gratitude and relief. “Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,” the bargoer cried, crawling to her feet and shuffling down the hall.

“No worries,” called the bartender.

Yubi’s boobs bounced around, and her golf ball-sized nipples became erect, poking her shirt out farther. Yubi stumbled to the door the bartender told her about. She wasted no time in dashing inside and closing the door. As the door closed, the sounds of conversion and music were dulled to a faint cave-like echo. It was pitch black inside the closet, but Yubi quickly found a rope which she tugged and the light came on. Surrounding her were mountains of mops, brooms, and buckets. There were also shelves filled with every type of cleaning spray imaginable.

Just looking at the shiny metal buckets, Yubi knew her bladder could wait no more. Doing a dire dance, Yubi undid the fly of her jeans and pulled one of the buckets close. Holding the bucket below her crotch, Yubi - who was going commando - began to piss. The most relieving, noisy, steamy hot jet of urine came from her wrinkled vagina lips. Yubi, let out a deep-bellied huff of oxygen. Sweat dripped from her face down her neck, soaking her shirt and making her hard nipples even more noticeable.

Her jacket flaps fluttered on either side of her as she held the bucket and relieved herself. Yubi stuck two of her freshly painted red nails into her pussy and used them to aim her stream downwards into the pale. She watched as the bucket quickly filled up with urine. Already the bucket was a quarter of the way full. The urine level rose to halfway and then three-quarters. The bucket was incredibly heavy now. Yubi felt like she was about to drop it. But she fought with every muscle she had to hold the bucket high.

Ultimately, the bucket was full to the brim. Yubi, let out a grunt as she strained, eventually managing to close off her pee hole. She gently set the heavy, sloshing thing down on the floor, and snatched another bucket off the pile. Yubi was smarter with this bucket. She placed this bucket on the floor and peed into it like that, still using her fingers to guide the sloppy stream that was coming through her pants.

Yubi watched as her thick and messy urine stream landed in the bucket with the loudest slishhh noise and the pee began to rise. The urine was foamy. The top level of the stuff was completely covered in white bubbles. It smelled like beer. Yubi struggled to get her breathing under control.

She filled up the second half-gallon bucket. And then a third. Then a fourth, and a fifth, and a sixth, and even a seventh. Buckets filled with boiling piss gathered around the floor. Yubi would have to watch where she stepped or risk creating a golden tsunami. The pile of fresh buckets was getting small. Yubi sure hoped she would have enough. Jeez, her bladder was just never ending tonight!

Yubi was working on her eighth bucket when…

The door opened and the bartender stepped in. Yubi’s neck swung around. Her face went red. The bartender looked suddenly ill. He covered his eyes. “I… I’m sorry, ma’am,” he croaked. “I thought you left by now. The bar just closed. You’ve been gone for two hours, I figured…”

“Two hours?” cried Yubi. “No way I was pissin’ for two hours.”

“Afraid you were,” replied the bartender.

Apparently, this realization was all Yubi’s bladder needed to finally stop. Her pee stream ran dry and the eighth bucket remained only halfway full.

“It’s for the best anyway,” Yubi kept her back to the man and shook off her dripping crotch, and took joy in watching the urine lake ripple one last time as a number of pellets of pee fell into it... She then zipped and faced the bartender. “I felt guilty about making you handle my pee and this way I can help you dump them.”

So, Yubi and the bartender each took a sloshing bucket of Yubi’s still-steaming warm pee. Yubi went to the ladies’ room and he went to the gentlemen’s. They each dumped a bucket out into the toilet, one at a time. Once they were all done, Yubi again thanked the bartender and she left for the evening.

As Yubi waited for her uber, she promised herself never to drink that much again. And she certainly would never wait that long for a lavatory. Otherwise, she may again find herself in the position of getting the aid of a stranger and filling seven and a half buckets of pee over the course of two hours.

*023*2023-03-12 02:43

{{23 hours ago, cathong said:

Err.. Can you explain the reasons behind the differences in this alternative reality from our reality?

}}

It’s all about societal norms in this universe. While it makes zero sense logically, this is an alternative universe i.e. a universe very similar to our own, but slightly different.

While men and women have the same private parts we do, in this universe it is social accepted AND expected that women pee standing up and men sitting down. Again, makes zero sense logically, but it is just what this universe expects the sexes to act like.

In other words, a woman that sits is considered a whip in this universe and a man that stands is considered weird and bizarre.

Like how we expect men to enjoy video games and women make-up. It is just what this society tells men and women they should act like. While it may be wrong, it is just the way societies work. All societies have expectations, I’m afraid…

Hope this clears it up!
