Rainbow Dash's Desperate Struggle

Author: Unknown104

*000*2018-05-16 16:05

Rainbow Dash rocked and bounced on her cloud couch, her hooves pressed into her crotch. At least half a dozen empty cans sat on the cushion to her right. The sound of rain pelting against the roof of her house was a constant reminder of the predicament she had put herself in. If not for the pesky weather, she surely would've been outside, racing and flying as if it were any other day.

Just a little longer... She glanced up to the clock. Time had slowed to a snail's pace since she had started her hold early that morning. Now, it was late in the afternoon.

The hands stayed still, almost to spite the needy mare. Just ten more minutes.

Dash crossed her hind hooves, still bobbing and bouncing. She looked over her living room, old magazines and books sprawled all over the floor and tables. Her eyes managed to wonder to the bathroom door. It sat ajar, the toilet in sight, almost daring her to give up on the silly little charade and take a seat. How relieving it would be... Just to finally let go...

Hss-

RD gasped, her hooves returning to her crotch. Her coat felt damp- she had leaked. O... Only a little bit. She sighed, her chin resting on her chest. Her bladder protruded slightly, contrasting with her slim figure. How much did I drink?

She looked back up to the clock. Seven minutes. Rainbow Dash stood up, unable to sit any longer. She slowly paced in front of the couch, taking moments to make sure she wouldn't lose it before time was up.

RD continued for a minute or so, before stopping suddenly. A jet of hot pee collided with the floor beneath her. She squeezed her eyelids shut, her hind hooves buckling into each other, quivering and shivering as she tried to keep the flood in. Not yet! You are not going yet!

As soon as it seemed like things were under control, she hobbled behind the couch, heading into the kitchen. She walked over to her refridgerator, opening it and pulling out the first thing she saw; a full bottle of water.

I gotta make up for what I lost... She used her right wing to unscrew the cap, bringing it up to her lips and chugging it down. She could feel herself leaking more out as she put more liquid into her system. Her lower body shivered, begging the crazy girl to stop!

Yet, she would not. She finished off the bottle, sitting it down beside the fridge before closing the door. Rainbow Dash came back into the living room, looking back up at the clock.

Two more minutes...

Her bladder ached at the thought. She walked over to the bathroom door, taking awkward steps as she made her way over. Her body shivered, the thought of relief being so close by almost too much to bear.

60, 59, 58

RD entered the bathroom, staring down at the toilet. The lid was closed, not allowing herself to even think about giving in before her time was up. Her breaths were quick and jagged, pacing in front of it, leaking each time she raised her hooves. 50, 49, 48-

A groan escaped her, a large spurt running down her leg. She held her right forehoof to her crotch, forcing it back momentarily.

40... 39... 38

Pee forced it's way out, splattering on the floor. RD was on the verge of losing it, yet she still didn't give up.

33... 32.. 31-

"Ah-!" A particularly large leak had stolen her attention. Her whole body quivered and shook, the flood-gates straining to keep the rest of it in.

20... 19... 18...

RD pushed the lid up, standing up and plopping down onto the seat. Her legs twitched and bounced, yet time had still not ran out.

Ten... Nine... Eight...

A spurt rushed out, crashing against the porcelain.

Seven... Six... Five...

Her hind hooves uncrossed, spreading as widely as they could.

Four... Three... Two...

Rainbow Dash forced her hooves into her bladder.

One!

An jet of hot pee rushed out of her, uninterrupted. A wave of relief and ecstacy crashed inside RD's mind, she removed her forehooves, trying to keep the feeling alive longer.

Her head fell back, a small smile on her face. "I really need to do this more often." She sighed.

Soon, the powerful jet soon came to a trickle. RD cleaned herself up, flushed the toilet then went out into the living room. A line of wet spots had been trailed across the living room, a particularly large one on and in front of the couch.

Celestia, I made a mess.

*005*2018-05-17 06:26

{{2 hours ago, RedFish3000 said:

I loved this story. Very well made.

}}

{{13 hours ago, diokno44x said:

This was really well made

}}

{{13 hours ago, Potty-Polly said:

Awesome

}}

{{13 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol what a great story

}}

Thank you so much.

