Beach day misshap

Author: Uroguy

*000*2024-09-08 02:58

It was another sunny day in July 2022, hot and humid, and of course the light but comfortable winds. The flowers still bloomed and vegetation expansive on the ground. The clouds were sparse and the sky an ocean blue the likes of which were so rare. The sun shone brightly and comfortably, with a uv index up to 5 despite the temperatures being 85°F.

Today, many would go to the beach for yet another year of fun. The beach was a way of stress relief for many and socializing. That was no exception for both Xenobia Watson and Xander Xavier. It was now 10 am and both awoken from their slumber ready for today's plans. They showered, got dressed, ate breakfast and headed out.

They were going to spend time at the New Horizon state beach, which was only a 20-minute drive from here. There, boats teemed in the docks or out at sea, swimmers enjoyed the ocean along with surfers, beach goers enjoyed the sun and coarse sand. Seagulls chirped and marine life were alive in the waters. Thankfully, there weren't any sharks, jellyfish, or algae blooms. It was the perfect day for an outing.

The beach from left to right was nothing but sand sandwiched between the city coast. Life guards were present and so were first responders. As for the boats, the docks were preset along a river that lead into the beach waters. All Xander and Xenobia had to do was travel south on the Beach Expressway. Since it was the morning time, Xander lowered the roof of his convertible Kia Sorento sports utility vehicle.

Now, they both could feel the wind blowing through their hair and the temperature wasn't that bad. Right now it was a good 85°F, but even so, it was best to stay hydrated. Later on, it would reach 95°F and sweating was definitely likely to happen. Also, no storms were present for today moving far north. The wind felt comfortable as it felt lifted and glided amongst the air particles. Xenobia's scarlet hair flowed with serenity and peace, while Xander fluttered all over.

Xenobia wore an short sleeve, short, white lace romper dress, some sandals, and some shades. Xander wore a white t-shirt, tan-colored shorts, sandals, and some shades. Their clothes are shown below. They brought some drinks and food in a cooler, some beach games, and swimming gear. Drinks included water, soda, lemonade, and iced tea. Food items included sandwiches, salads, oreos, chips, and fruit. Game items included a volleyball, a volleyball net, Frisbee, and a kickball. As for beach supplies, they had beach chairs and umbrellas, sun tan lotion, and beach towels.

Of course, his shirt is white and shorts are tan color. Both were ready for a wonderful summer day at the beach. Despite the temperatures, they didn't find it too humid so sweating wasn't a big issue. After all, it was still morning time. The drive towards the beach wasn't too bad as traffic was behaving well today. Most city folk left the city for vacation or stayed indoors for beating the heat. Others just walked or bike rode to their destination.

During the drive, Xenobia and Xander talked and joked with each other. It was great to get away from stress. "The weather is wonderful today." Xenobia gleefully exclaimed. "Xena, this day is the best. So much sun and blue sky." Xander replied. "It's as if we entered another dimension of beauty. Oh may this day move ever so slowly. My dear, let this day be about us." Xenobia said ever so softly and exquisitely.

Xander replied "So you have wished it, so it shall be!". They laughed, and at a red light intersection, they kissed ever so passionately. It was only a few seconds since Xander had to focus on the road in front of him. They passed several apartment buildings, businesses, shops, and even a park. During the drive, Xenobia drank a whole bottle of water just to stay hydrated. She was feeling thirsty despite having a small cup of water at home.

So far, she wasn't feeling an urge to urinate. But her mind wasn't focused on the threat of having to urinate. She wasn't thinking about her past incidents of wetting herself back inside the elevator nor on the ferris wheel. All she could think about was how much fun she was going to have with the most important man in her life on the most beautiful day ever. It helped that she urinated after breakfast

At 11:20 am, they finally arrived at the docks and the Beach. It was a one, huge parking lot for the beach and the docks. They unloaded the cooler, games, and beach stuff. They headed out for the beach to find a suitable place for setting up their stuff. It was a crowded beach with so many wanting to enjoy the sun and the water. Thank goodness there weren't any nudists.

Once settled, Xenobia looked out to see the horizon. It was beautiful and mesmerizing to her. She could see nothing but the vast and seemingly infinite ocean of the sky and the sea. "Xander, just look out to the horizon. Endless and yet so compelling. It calls to you to travel and yet it is just the ocean and sky. It's beautiful. Oh how I wish I could travel in a ship to see it all." Xenobia exclaimed with awe.

Xander wasn't a big enthusiast on the natural features of the world, but on this day he couldn't disagree with her. "Yeah. It's just amazing. I never knew the beach could look so .... awesome." Xander replied. The water overlapped with itself and in harmony welcoming all who desired to travel within itself. Not a single shark or marine animal, strangely enough. The seagulls chirped and the wave tides met the shore ever so gracefully.

Xenobia sat awhile watching this wonderful spectacle. Her phone held out to capture this moment and scenery. "I'll never forget this moment ever. My children will see this." That is if she will ever have any. She put her phone in her purse and started her day with Xander. They started a game of kickball, using two cones as the goals for their respective sides. Both liked athleticism and enjoyed the game despite the heat and sweat. It wasn't a big deal to them.

During that time, Xenobia and Xander did however, each drink another bottled water. But it was consumed over a period of time. Xenobia still didn't feel an urge to go that was severe. However, she did have an urge to go but it was the beginnings and was ever so slight. Xander had the same so none of them felt the need to stop what they're doing. Xander being more athletic got in a few goals while Xenobia got a few.

Neither side was really competing while enjoying just the fun of it. Xenobia and Xander glistened with sun block and sweat. Her long legs and beautiful feet were shapely and athletic, catching and kicking the ball. Xander was a bit more muscular but all the same. After an hour, they chose to relax and catch their breath. "That was fun. That last one was such a great match." Xander said. "Oh I almost had you ehehehehehehehe!" Xenobia said with laughter.

She was mildly in need of the bathroom but again, she didn't bother with it. Xander chose to go for a bathroom break and came back after a few minutes. Afterwards, they continued with their beach fun by taking some photos of each other, some selfees, and together photos of themselves with the horizon as the babackground. They followed it up with volleyball. Xander was good at giving fast serves while Xenobia loved keeping her man guessing. At one point, both sides were volleying the ball back and forth for several rounds until Xander missed.

Xenobia screamed "Whoooooo! Oh yeah!". Xander smiled as he enjoyed the back and forth. By now it was about 1:16 pm and Xenobia was starting to feel all that water from the car ride and during kick ball. She still wanted to enjoy this day although she did feel aware of her insides. She didnt want to wait until it was dire but right now, she didn't want take a break from their fun. Hopefully, she doesn't have to suffer like the last 2 times. (Please see Desperate Descension and Desperate Ascension).

At this point, she began moving her hair with her hands or scrunching her toes. She stood a little lankily but nothing noticeable. Xander chose to stop playing and go for lunch. "I'm hungry. Let's eat." Xenobia and Xander went to their beach chairs, sweating and a little tired. Luckily, their cooler was still going strong. They took out another bottle of water, the sandwiches, and some chips.

The day kept progressing calmly and lazily, allowing all to take in the beauty and serenity of nature. And her bladder was also filling up too. And this was hastened by lunch time. She had 2 sandwiches and on top of her water, she had iced tea and half a can of soda. Afterwards, they took about half an hour to rest for digesting the food. By now, it was 2:30 pm and the day was going by as the sun continued it descent to the western horizon.

Again, they went back to playing in the sand via Frisbee. Back and forth they threw it. They were still a little miffed from all the running around, so they didn't threw it too far. After another 15 minutes (2:45 pm), they sat down again to relax in the sun. Again, they had something to drink to rehydrate. Xenobia drank another can of soda while Xander had a soda too. Xenobia seemed a little distracted due to her full bladder. She could feel a weight inside her, feeling a little heavier as time passed. That tea is a real diuretic.

Luckily, they didn't have alcohol since Xander was driving. Also, they didn't care for alcohol. Xenobia did only have one iced tea of course. But tea is still tea. During this time, Xenobia was thinking about using the public restroom to empty her bladder. She wasn't keen on wetting herself like last time on the ferris wheel. That was most embarrassing for the two of them. But Xenobia didn't want to say anything yet.

Xander and Xenobia talked about their relationship. "I was thinking about taking things to the next level. No more dates, no pre-marital sex, or other dating crap. I want to be engaged to you. But I don't know how you feel." Xenobia was a little more distracted and she tried to focus on the horizon, taking in the beauty. She wasn't sure how to respond. "Xander ... I like how things are. I know you want to be somewhat conventional and not lead me on. But I ... I don't want to get so serious with you either." Xenobia said.

Xander didn't look her in the eye for a few seconds. He thought about her reaction. They continued their conversation, this time with some iced tea, until about 3:10 pm when they chose to let it go for now. Xander decided to go swimming in the beach waters. He stripped down to his swim trunks underneath his shorts. Xenobia was a little hesitant about going but she didn't want to make Xander feel as bad as he did already. She took off her white lace romper and only her one piece remained.

Xander's swim trunks were all white. Xenobia liked black, and a swim suit that wasn't 2-piece or so skimpy. She didn't like those that were so revealing either. She hated those kinds of clothes and attracting attention to her sexy body. She did happen to get looked at, but no one said a word to her. Either way, she joined him, walking briskly due to her full bladder, and still filling.

Xander and Xenobia were met with the shallow waters of the ocean, feeling the wet sand between under their feet. It was a change in temperature that gave them shivers as their bodies sensed the dropping temperatures. More and more they trekked until only their shoulder bones up to their heads shown above the water. Xenobia and Xander began splashing water on each other, laughing it off as they continued their childish antics with the water.

Xander squatted down into the water, immersing himself fully into the water, then back up. Xenobia joined him in the same action, which she found so refreshing due to the coolness of the water. She could feel much of the sweat removed from her face. "Let's keep going." Xander called out. "But Xan-". Xenobia tried to reply but he was already heading out. Xenobia was starting to feel medium desperation, and significant too.

She could feel her bladder filling up, and draining into her urethra, which was now filling up too. She had water, iced tea, and soda. It was now hitting her. But she couldn't just leave Xander out there. Xenobis began to jog as the shallow ground became deeper and deeper, until it was better to swim. But to swim in almost horizontal position was a bit uncomfortable. It meant her bladder would be stretched along with her torso.

By now it was 3:45 pm and still the day passing by slowly. They had been swimming for a while and now Xander stopped about a mile or mile and a half out from shore. Xenobia was panting from swimming and holding her golden ocean. Xander called out to Xenobia "Check it out. The ocean floor is teeming with coral. Come on." He swam inwards towards the ocean floor, interested in what he may find. Xenobia wasn't so interested right now.

She could feel her need rising, her body telling her it's time to empty her bladder. She wasn't about urinate in the ocean due to laws prohibiting environmental pollution of any kind, whether it was trash or treating the ocean as a toilet. And she would be surrounded by her piss. That thought grossed her out. Luckily, this beach was kept really clean. It's no wonder the beach was so beautiful looking.

"I hope this excursion of his comes to an end soon." I have to pee!". She thought in her soliloquy. Underneath the ocean surface, she could see so many types of corals, from skinny ones to bigger-sized tentacle corals. Some were grey-colored, others pink, and one was white. Xenobia also came across a lonely starfish. It just sat there on the ocean floor some distance between two corals. Xenobia couldn’t help but wonder if it was all alone and pity it or if it was right where it wanted to be. Alas, she couldn't speak starfish and she didn't want to disturb it either.

She refocused her attention on Xander, who by now it seemed had disappeared. She stopped for a moment and looked around to nothing but coral. Again, she looked buy found nothing. Now, she began to panic and not just from missing her man. She was beginning to loose air and she started to grab her crotch. She really had to pee. She swam upwards to the surface of the water, only to find no sign of Xander. "Xander!" She called out, but found no one.

Again, she looked around but saw only other beach goers, sailboats, and lifeguard boats. Her Xander seemed missing. Xenobia was hit with a wave of desperation in her urethra. It was time for a toilet break but she couldn't leave her Xander behind. She had to find him. She stopped tredding to deal the urge to go. This wave of desperation pulsed for about 10 seconds before subsiding. She could feel her piss flowing back inside which made her feel more full and uncomfortable.

She had to hold it until she found Xander. She sucked in air and went down below. Xenobia swam looking all over amongst the coral. She passed by undersea rocks and small rock protrusions. One of them wad a cave for some shrimp. She liked shrimp but that was the least of her worries. It was now 4:15 pm and still no Xander. Time was passing by a bit more quickly. The sun really began descending in the sky too. And yet the day was still hot.

But down below, the environment was cooler. At one point, she found what looked like swim trunks and assumed it was Xander's. But then, she saw a small boy of 10 years old retrieve it and wear it. He swam away in embarrassment. Xenobia kept looking, until she was hit with another wave of desperation and running out of air. She stepped on a coral and propelled herself upwards while flailing her legs trying to move while dealing with an urge to pee. She had to go now or else.

She stopped paddling because she just couldn't keep her legs moving without potentially pissing herself. Her urethra was quivering and about to explode. She just didn't want to let it all go. But of she didn't, she would drown under the water. She was sinking to the ocean floor. Suddenly, she felt two arms grab her by the waste of her abdomen. The two arms quickly got her out of the water and to open air.

It didn't help to force her abdomen inwards as a consequence of contracting her urethra which also prevented her from inhaling. Luckily, she didn't have to tread in the water due to the person behind her. This person called to her from behind. "Xena it's me. You're alright now." "Xander? Oh gawd where were you?" "I was checking out some coral. When I turned around you weren't there so I went to look all over for you down below and above the water. I didn't find you until now. Xenobia what happened?" "I tried to catch up but when I got there I didn't see you. I looked all over too."

They both understood the situation, but Xenobia said to never scare her again. Xander felt terrible and promised never to do that. Suddenly, someone screamed out "Shark!" Everyone immediately got out of the water or got onto the nearest lifeguard boat. Some asked to get onto private boats owned by a person or a group for safety. Xenobia and Xander weren't nearby anyone and tried to get away as fast as possible. But one shark was quickly approaching them.

Xenobia fell behind due to the fact she was about to piss herself. She just couldn't hold it and swim. She thought about letting it all go so she could live. 'Being alive was better than holding it in only to be eaten, right?' She thought. Xenobia didn't like being in a puddle of her own piss, but she didn't want to be eaten either. Her wave of desperation kept pulsating, dissipating, then returning. All her swimming and paddling of her feet kept jostling her golden ocean towards the exit.

The shark behind her kept approaching faster and faster, and Xenobia slowing down more and more. Xenobia was just about to give up as the shark was only 8 yards away. Xander could only watch in horror as her girlfriend was about to be eaten by a hungry marine creature with the teeth of a demon whose lazer-focused in its prey. Suddenly, a motor boat came right between Xenobia and the shark.

She turned around to see two people extending their hands out to her, telling her to grab their hand. Xenobia extended her right hand out and allowed herself to be taken up into the boat asap. Just as her left foot was out of the water, the shark passed by her. Xander was also caught by another motorboat and taken out of the water. From there, the two boats made their way to the docks and get their passengers to safety.

It seemed they were our of the woods. Xander was able to join with Xenobia as the other motorboat sped off to help more people. Both of these two motor boats were lifeguard boats. And as for the motor boat Xander and Xenobia were on, it just so happened their friends Chantal and Chad were on the boat, along with their coworker Corbin. "Xena, Xander I'm so glad you're alright. Did the shark hurt you Xena?"

Xenobia responded weakly. "N-no i-im fine. Xander?" "I'm fine too Xenobia". "Xena what's wrong? You seem to be in pain?" Xenobia had no choice but to say it."I have to pee badly." Everyone sighed in relief. Corbin replied. "Good thing you're with us. We're heading for the docks. There's a portable public bathroom there. It should take us only 5 minutes to get to the docks from here."

While that provided some relief to her stressed mind, she would have preferred they teleport to the bathroom in 1, 2 poof and already there. Sadly, they couldn't been space and time like that. Xander went over to Xenobia, still hunched forward and keeping her one leg over the other. He was just glad to see Xenobia safe and out of harms way. Xenobia bobbed up and down during the boat ride, stressed out and her heart pounding.

She felt weighed down and unable to move by the overwhelming pressure by her urethra that felt a like a pipe ready to burst. Too much accumulated within, and it quivered so much so that instinctively, she just wanted to let it all go. Freedom from this pain was so beautiful. But she had to hold it. Halfway to the docks, disaster struck. A loud bump noise followed by an immediate jostling of the boat occurred. Something hit the boat which also attempted to cause an imbalance. Had it tipped over, forget it.

Everyone on board was knocked over to one side and jolted by the event. Xenobia, so much startled, sadly spurted into the gusset of her one-piece swim suit. They were half-second spurts of her golden liquid. She immediately tightened her grip on her already pressured and strained urethra muscle, which now started to sting. "What was that?" Chad asked. Chantal replied " Perhaps it was a rock."

Suddenly, another bump that jostled the boat but this time wasn't as bad. However, the motor sound became distorted and weakened. Then, it died down to no sound. The boat stopped moving and still half a mile away from the docks. They were stranded. (No this wasn't like Daviya's situation in Isolated Desperation.) Chad and Corbin checked the back of the boat only to see blood-soaked water and what appeared to be a whale or shark. It seemed that the creature got caught by the fast rotating rudder or it tried to eat it or attack it. And now, it was hurt.

"Crap. Guys our boat is down. I'm gonna call for another rescue boat for us." Corbin said. Chantal sounded annoyed while on the radio. "Are you kidding me? There isn't one boat available? ................ Ugh. Everyone, we're stuck here until a boat becomes available." Xenobia couldn't believe what she was hearing. "You can't be serious? Why won't they-hmmmmmmmm .....". "Apparently, there is a cruise line stuck out at sea due to engine failure and some passengers have severe medical emergencies. Lifeguard and first responder boats are headed there. We were supposed to head out there."

Xander angrily replied "We're just nearby the docks. We shouldn't be that much of an issue. Just one boat to help us. Then be on their way!". "Chantal expressed the same sentiment but what could she do. Xenobia's main focus was staying dry rather than having golden Niagara falls. Her desperation increased exponentially and her anxiety went up. 'Great! Now we're stuck and I'm about to blow. I can't hold this painful urge. Oh I wish I didn't drink so much tea and other fluids.' Xenobia thought. Xander stayed with Xenobia while Chantal, Chad, and Corbin kept in communication with their supervisor.

It was now 4:32 pm and after 15 minutes later, nothing changed. The waters still had sharks in the water while the cruise liner was being tended to. Corbin drummed his fingers against the steering wheel from his urge to go too. But he was also serves in the navy so this wasn't an issue for him. He could take the pain, but he still had to go. Xenobia doubled down putting her right leg over the left leg, her hands on her thighs, and scrunching her face. Her heart raced while fighting off her urge to urinate. No matter how much she tried to hold it, her urethra muscle just couldn't contract any further than it was already. And despite the spurting, the pressure returned.

By 4:47 pm, no rescue boats came for them. Instead, they continued to evacuate the cruise liner passengers. Xenobia watched in utter agony as her chance for urinating was given away to others. She paced awkwardly and in a hastily manner. It was as if she was on fire or had ants all over herself. She bit her nails and breathed laboriously. She even tried standing in one place. Xander couldn't help but feel her pain as did Corbin.

Sadly, there were rules against public urination, and into the beach waters. And some beach goers came back into the waters. She could try to swim for it but she might drown. Also, the docks were some distance away too. Corbin wanted to help out in anyway but what could he do. Suddenly, a bottle floated by and Corbin picked it up. "I'm taking a piss. Don't look!". Everyone was shocked by this announcement. "Corbin you can't do that on duty." Chantal said. "I have to go so badly. We're not going anywhere so why not." He cleaned off the bottle and went.

Xenobia was both disgusted and jealous. She wished she was a man right now, or a transgender female with a penis. The sound of him going only made her have to go even worse. Poor Xenobia! All she wanted was to have a great time and use the bathroom. Why did this have to happen? Twice she wet herself. Why one more time????? This didn't seem fair in her eyes. She was 31 years old, not a small baby. Xander didn't need to see her wet herself again.

(FYI. The cruise liner passengers came down with covid 19.). 'Why now of all times does this damn boat have to fail?' Xenobia thought. It was now 4:55 pm and after radio contact with her supervisor, things were possibly looking up. "Okay everyone. I just spoke with our supervisor. One of the lifeguard boats is about to finish one run of passengers. Then come over here. The boat is coming in about half an hour." Xenobia groaned as she might not have another half an hour.

It was an improvement but she still had to go like crazy. Numerous times, she felt the pressure become so great, she winced with the face of one in so much pain. Her urethra couldn't keep up like this for so long. Her heart raced and pounded. Her breathing so labored. Xander held her close to calm her down. "Don't worry we'll be on land soon." But that wasn't very good news to her. Xenobia wanted to be on land now! She had to pee! And now! It was now or nothing.

Just then, a dolphin came by and dived into the water. It splashed water onto Xenobia and Xander, causing Xenobia to shiver and spurt a small drop. She whimpered and tried to tighten her grip again. But her muscle and her whole body were so tired. She wanted to let it all loose. It was now 5:11 pm and still another 13 minutes to go. Corbin asked if Xenobia wanted a bottle but she declined.

Even sitting didn't seem to help. She rocked back and forth, shook her leg, and played with her toes. She kept picking at her big toe, and going between her toes occasionally. Corbin asked for a second time abiut going into a bottle but she refused. Both bottles were too small for her stream. Xenobia's heart raced, her face scrunched, whimpering, and her urge slightly less severe. But otherwise no change to her dilemma.

QBy 5:18 pm, her urge got so bad she bent forward with her eyes closed. She couldn't help but make the face of one in excruciating pain, clenching her teeth so hard she might break them. The urge to go had become so bad and no matter how hard her exhausted urethra muscle tried it couldn't contract any further. Her poor bladder keot forcing the contents of her pee towards the exit, causing such massive strain on her poor urethra.

"Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhhhhhhh ....." Xenobia whimpered. She could feel her heart pounding and racing, almost as if she was about to have a heart attack. Why this? Why does the universe seem to hate her? All these thoughts permeated her mind. By the time the 13 minutes were up, the other life guard boat was on its way. At last relief was coming for them. Xander could retrieve their stuff and Xenobia could go and urinate. The life guard boat was headed their way from the docks, manned by a woman named Eris Erwin.

The trip would only take a couple of minutes as her boat was deep inside life guard boating docks. But she could make it. It was now 5:27 pm and Xenobia couldn't wait any longer. She just couldn't hold it anymore. It was too much for her poor body. Her whole body was held up, stiff, and just totally immobilized. Xander tried to calm her down but that wasn't really helping her. "You want to help, make her come faster!" Xander got annoyed at her but he still spoke with respect. "Listen. At least a boat is coming at all. Unless you want to just go now." Xenobia got the message and kept on her path of suffering.

She knew he was right but she just wanted her torture to end. It was the longest 7 minutes of her life. She whimpered, hands wedged in her crotch, and her squeezing power waning. During that time, her urethra shook due to the pressure. Xenobia lost so much will power by this point. Her whole body and mind drained from this experience. Standing or sitting, it made no difference. However, standing made things way worse. At one point, Xenobia gave way to an urge to drink water that was available on board the life guard boat. Sweating so much from holding it caused her thirst, especially from being in the hot sun.

Xenobia cursed herself for doing this. It was now 5:34 pm and still no Eris. Just as Xenobia was about to ask, Chantal went to the radio. "Eris come in are you there?". Eris replied "Chantal, yes I am here. It has been crowded with fishing boats returning from the open sea. Plus, I got rear ended. It will be another 10 minutes before-" but before Eris could finish, she was cut short by Chantal. "Xenobia what are you-". But it was too late.

Xenobia removed her swim suit and crouched beside the boat. She held onto the railing, knees bent toward the ship, and buttocks away from it, maintaining a horizontal position, legs apart, she let it loose. All her tea, water, and whatever else, came pouring out of her like a fire hose. Xander cried to stop but she couldn't. It was now all coming out and all over the beach water. Her whole body wanted to collapse and become mush.

Chantal, Chad, and Corbin were mortified by this event. They couldn't believe that a passenger, let alone a friend would do this. And in the beach waters, which was supposed to be protected from pollution. Several smaller streams emerged from her womanhood, including streams of droplets, each a second behind the other came out. The impact of the golden stream towards the water was loud for all on board the boat. Steam even came off the impacted beach water, on top of already flying splatters of water.

After 2 long minutes, the gusher stopped. It was over for now. The stream trickled to several, less violent streams, then to trickled droplets, then to droplets every 4 seconds, then to nothing, except for a droplet hanging off her womanhood. She pushed out the last of the golden ocean, moved over sideways, and lowered her womanhood into the beach waters, moved over and did it again. Then, she quickly got dressed into her tattered swim suit and sat down. Chantal, Corbin, Chad, and Xander didn't even bother to say a word.

Xenobia was now awash with embarrassment and shame for what she did. It was unlady like and extremely immature. It was now 5:42 pm and Eris finally got moving again towards their location. At 5:47 pm, Eris showed up and dropped them off at the docks a few minutes later. They thanked her and went their separate ways. During the drive home, Xenobia sat their quietly and Xander just stared off into the distance.

Later on, during dinner Xenobia apologized for her act. Xander wasn't talkative at first. He thought Xenobia understood that if she was in any need of the restrooms, she would say something. Xander hoped a repeat at the carnival wouldn't happen again. But it did. "Do you trust me?" Xander asked. Xenobia replied "Yes of course." "Then why did you just say you had to use the bathroom?" " ................ well ... I ... I ...... I am still nervous about having to ask as it might ... no I .. I just don't like .... I don't want to ruin the moment." Xander stared at Xenobia for a moment, then replied back. " You wouldn't be rude if you asked to excuse yourself. I did. It's no trouble at all."

Xenobia wanted to argue back but it wouldn't help. She had to admit he was right. "Okay Xander. No more holding it in for so long. I will tell you from now on. Scouts honor!".

*002*2024-09-08 16:04

Sorry. There wasn't supposed to be a scenario 2.

