Bursting in another jam

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-06-03 23:22

Summary: The protagonist is stuck and lost on a dirt road in the middle of a thunder storm. She can't contact anyone and is scared to travel far away from her vehicle. Worse, she is bursting for relief from her urine. Her fate is unfortunate as usual.

Title: Bursting in another jam

Characters:

1. Klareese Prinston

2. Ivy Rose

3. Officer Langer

Plot: Today was supposed to be a good night for one Klareese Prinston and her cousin Ivy Rose. They hadn't seen each other since before the pandemic began heating up in March 2020. It had been two years and the time was now to see each other in person. Since it was a Friday before the Independence Day weekend, and since both got the weekend off, they decided to make plans.

After work, Klareese drove directly northward from work. She had to drive about 50 miles north into the boondocks (sort of like the Poconos or Upstate NY) to Ivy's house. From there, they had a quiet dinner and watched a movie. After having a restful evening, the next day was filled with several activities to hang out. It was a day filled with girl activities, going to the opera house, fishing, museum, and getting a hair cut. They quickly showered and went out to a dance club for a tasty dinner and enjoy good music.

They decided not to go for booze. They drove and didn't want to get into an accident at night. The weather forecast also showed what looked like a starry night without a single cloud above. Down south was a bad weather storm which could bring severe power outages. Luckily, it was south of their location so no harm or foul. They left at 6 pm and arrived at 6:30 pm. They enjoyed gossiping and taking up a storm. But they soon started enjoying the good food and dance music. The last time they did this was in high school and college. It felt good to feel 21 again.

Everything was going well ....... well....... well indeed.

###

Fast forward to 12 pm. It was midnight and night life still boomed. While everyone gulped down the wine and alcohol, they stayed mostly with the crowd of people consuming all the fruit punch (which wasn't spiked thank goodnes). They danced the tango, waltz, electric slide, and other things. It was a blast. And still they were dancing. They even listened to various singers from the town (Some from American idol, others from The Voice). Outside the building were tuck tuck noises of something falling onto the hood of cars.

*001*2022-06-04 18:34

The night life raged on as the as usual. It was 12:20 pm and some began leaving the club for home. Others stayed or waited on the long line for the bathrooms. As for Klareese and Ivy, they were tired and exhausted. But they didn't want the fun to end. They kept dancing the night away, still enjoying their return to teenager years. "Girl this takes me back to the concert of 2011."

"I know Ivy. It was a blast."

After another 10 minutes, they finally stopped dancing and sat down. Some rest for their feet and legs aching from all they did today. Klareese was starting to feel significant desperation along with Ivy. Both felt a quick trip to the toilet was a good idea. Without warning, the lights and music stopped. Everything that made up the night life came to a screeching halt.

"Awwww come on!"

"What the **?"

"Huh?". All such reactions permeated the dance club room. No one seemed to understand what just happened or even why. Klareese and Ivy were appalled by this abrupt change in setting. "Is there a power outage or did they forget the electric bill?"

"Who knows Klare?" Ivy said. Then, the emergency lights came back on, shining only red lights as opposed to the plethora of colors.

Just then, the manager came in with some bad news. "Ladies and Gentlemen. We are experiencing a power outages due to the thunder storm from the south. It has moved northwards to our location and took out a transformer for our area. I must ask you all to leave the building as it can't be housing guests. The weather is pouring cats and dogs, and conditions will worsen. Driving in this weather later is worse than right now so I must ask you all to leave. Thank you for showing up and have a safe drive home."

The crowd jeered and complained. Even the queue was upset. One girl was holding her crotch and bobbing up and down, leaking and on the verge of an accident. Literally! "But I'm about to pee myself. Just look at me." Several other females and males were in dire need for the bathroom. But as usual the females always had it bad.

Everyone else, including Klareese and Ivy left for outside only to be met with what looked like a monsoon with a side order or sonic booms and flashes of lightning. There were electrical arcs in the sky too. The rain poured like you wouldn't believe. It was wave upon wave of heavy droves of bullets made of h2o coming and coming without cease.

Klareese and Ivy were shocked by the dangerous spectacle they witnessed from the sky. They had to get to their vehicles and pronto. Being in the rain was horrible as they quick became deenched. Their hair became wet and flat, their clothes became second skin sticking to their 30-something year old bodies. And of course, they had to walk through dirt now liquefied.

(No I don't mean unstable ground. I mean muddy!). It was now 12:35 am and at last they got into their vehicles. Klareese follwed Ivy out of the parking lot and onto the narrow lane road to Ivy's house. The rain was so bad the highest setting for windshield wiping wasn't enough. Ivy had to drive slowly to ensure Kkareese kept up. Plus, the ground was wet and reduced friction. Some areas had pot holes too.

*002*2022-06-04 20:50

During the car ride, Klareese and Ivy were becoming more and more desperate. All their water, fruit punch, and a few glasses of non-alcoholic wine were finally buying them on the but. They were half way home at 12:52 pm when Klareese started to slow down as the rain density increased and reduced visibility big time. She could see the bright red lights of her cousin's car but she couldn't keep up and didn't feel confident in seeing the road lines for the lanes. Ivy tried slowing down but she couldn't go too slow either.

Out of the blue, a deer showed up onto the road. Klareese was just close enough to see it and with a few seconds to spare, hit the breaks and swerve. But she started to lose control of her car and tried to correct the course of her trajectory on the road. Alas, it wasn't enough to stop drifting. She ended up in a dirt road and unable to stop moving.

"Nononono!" Klareese cried. She tried to stop but the muddy and slippery ground didn't allow her to stop. After a couple of feet of going down hill, her car eventually ended up in a pot hole like ditch. Her car was stuck and possibly her tire or tires were out of commission.

Klareese paused for a moment, putting the car in park. She went to get out of her car, only to be met with a loud boom and flashing lights above. She immediately closed the door for fear of being struck. There was a bolt of lightning striking the ground a couple of yards away. Klareese took a few minutes to wait until it was safe. In the meantime, she shuffled her feet a little from feeling a growing need to urinate. It was now 1:00 pm and Klareese was becoming more desperate.

Her need to urinate grew steadily and more intense. The pressure against her urethra was as such she started putting her hands in her crotch. The thought of having to urinate began sending her mind down memory lane. Two years ago, she was desperate and on the verge of an accident on the highway. Sadly, she was prompted into an accident by a stupid truck driver. She wished to see him again only to kick his balls out. But those feelings died out. Now they were alive again!

The storm kept raging on as the clouds kept exploding with the exchange of electrically charged particles, flashing brightly as fireworks. At one point, thunder boomed so loud Klareese jumped in her seat. The wind howled ruffling the trees and causing some to fall down. The rain kept assaulting everything in the vicinity. Klareese nearly wet herself from that loud boom. Klareese finally worked up the nerve to slowly open the car, fearful of the lightning that could strike her but she had to see the damages.

Once outside, she carefully got out to see the front of her car. Her eyes widened as they gazed upon what were ripped and saggy black rubber immersed in the ocean of mud. Behind her was a still intact tire. She carefully walked through the muddy ground, which honestly, grossed Klareese out. Here she was wearing high heels and walking through muddy ground. Her toes kept finding themselves immersed under the muddy surface and her lower ankles kept being splashed upon when walking through the mud.

"Ugh. My new shoes are disgusting and ruined. Damn! She almost fell down due to a gust of wind. Luckily she was able to grab onto the door handle of her trunk. Her hair was Drenched again, dripping wet, and her body was soaked. Her dress (as shown below) was soaking wet and clingy to her body. But the nature of the damages were more important. It seemed that the driver's side and passenger right tires were affected. The other tires were okay.

Klareese's dress:

But she knew the only way to move the car out of the ditch was to push it. But she wasn't strong enough, and she began pee dancing. She had to go badly and it finally got to the point where by she needed to find a toilet and fast. Klareese went back to her side of the car and just as she was about to open the door handle, another boom of thunder roared which made her flinch. She nearly spurted in that moment. Luckily, it was only a drop that dribbled out.

Her time was running out. She opened the door after 30 seconds of standing cross-legged and sat down. She shut the door and held herself again. Klareese went for her purse, she grabbed her phone, and called Ivy. The phone couldn't get a dial tone for when the call is being made. Sadly, nothing went through. She tried again but nothing happened. Klareese cursed out of frustration. "Damn it. Where is she?" Klareese cried out. Was Ivy out of range or did the power outage affect the cell phone towers too? It was anyone's guess.

She tried calling AAA but got nowhere too. She was alone and unable to call for help. She wasn't going to expose herself walking one in this weather by herself. She didn't know where was what and how to get back. Plus, it was pitch black. But all she could do was wait in her car until cell reception returned. Klareese sat there shuffling in her seat as the storm raged on and on. Thunder roared and lightning lit up the wilderness, while the wind howled and the rain kept pouring.

Klareese really began to regret all that wine, fruit punch, and water. It was beginning to put immense pressure against her urethra that she swayed back and forth in her seat. She shuddered a little from sitting on what felt like a damp ocean. All the water fell down to her bottom and pooled under her butt. Her hair dripped of rain water too. He shuddering caused another drop to spurt out. It was now 1:20 pm and still no one came. Did Ivy even notice that Klareese wasn't behind her anymore? Did Ivy try to call for police to search for her?

Klareese had no clue. All she could do was sit and wait. For the next 1 hours, she heard nothing. She tried several times to call for help with no success. Now the storm reached its crescendo which meant the thunder roared more violently and the flashed more often. After an hour, the storm became so violent lightning was striking the ground several times. A few nearly struck the car and scaring Klareese each time. After 1 hour, she couldnt hold it anymore.

Her urine wanted out and now. She tried hold it but all the fidgeting in the world wasn't helping to reduce the pressure against her poor urethra.

*003*2022-06-05 00:19

For next 20 minutes, Klareese winced and strained her poor urethra holding back the flood of golden liquid. She had to go and badly. Her urge to go kept coming back every time and without fail. It only grew and grew. She shuffled her feet, crossed amd double crossed them, rubbed her thighs, bit her right index finger, etc., nothing was working. "Gawd why did this hapoen tonight? Why not not tomorrow night? And where is Ivy? Why hasn't she tried to call me? Doesn't she notice I'm not behind her? And what happend to AAA?" Klareese thought.

She was frantically shaking her right leg like crazy. She had three more jump scares, the third time of which she spurted urine for about a second. She was on the verge of an accident. She needed to find a toilet and fast. But where was she going to go. The stork kept raging on but also started dying off. The storm began to pass. The rain pelted the roof of her car and the surrounding wilderness, the wind howled, thunder boomed and lightning flashed brilliantly.

"Hmmmmmmmmmm!" She moaned. She had to urinate as she ahd two years ago. (Pmease read Bursting in a Jam). But she wasn't bursting as badly. Still, was bursting. Suddenly, a flash of lightning brighter than it has ever been went off twice before a pause of about 10 seconds. Nothing seemed to happen and Klareese thoight may be the thunder wouldn't boom as loud. But the storm played a cruel trick it seemed.

10 seconds later, a loud boom accompanying a lightning strike struck the ground 5 inches from her car. Klareese shrieked loudly from within her vehicle. She jumped scared crapless om her seat putting her hands in front of her eyes. Sadly that was it. She slowly removed her arm from the view of her eyes, breathing in a fearful manner, only to see the empty void of the night sky.

Suddenly, she felt a warmth enevlop her crotch, butt, upper thighs, and made her dress warm too. She realized with horror as she looked down. She could feel liquid escaping her crotch. She was urinating in her seat from a jump scare. Again, a bolt of lightning struck and this time next to her driver's side door. Again, she shrieked and jumped with fear. She breathed heavily as she had yet another near encoumter with death.

Her heart jumped these last two times. And still she was urinating for the next ten seconds but out of fear. Fight or flight right? After 10 seconds, she just dribbled in her seat. She was now wet and sticky. And dirty. Again, she ended up sullying her car seat. And how was she going to get it cleaned. She was so angry and sad. Tears began to well from her eyes and on the verge of running down her face.

There was nowhere to go and nothing to be done. She was trapped and disgusting. She banged on the steering wheel, yelling out loud about why the universe hated her and why this.

###

It was now 9:30 am and the day is bright blue with a beautiful bouquette of clouds in the sky. The world was at peace and everything was right again. Birds flew and chirped, animals roamed around and people were out again. But Klareese? Where was she? She was still in her car but sleeping on the same dirty seat. She was sleeping soundly and peacefully, albeit she had a not so happy look.

She began to awaken and when she awoke, she saw a man with a badge in a ranger uniform. She had this perplexed look on her face. Then she realized this was her chance for rescue. With the man wad Ivy. Klareese opened the car door and immediately questioned her "Where the hell have you been? Do you know dirty I am?".

The man introduced himself as wilderness ranger and officer Langer. He explained Ivy went to the police in the middle of the storm asking for a search and rescue party for Klareese. They couldn't go while the storm raged but could begin afterwards. Klareese explained what happened to her and the poor cell reception. Ivy replied by saying she did try to call her but she couldn't get reception. Plus, she thought Klareese was behind her but the car behind her kept going while she went into her driveway. Ivy knew that wasn't Klareese.

In the end, Klareese got her car serviced and the seat cleaned. Klareese went to Ivy's house for a shower and stayed indoors except for her car. The next day, Klareese just went home. Ivy apologized for the way things went but Klareese just wanted to go home.

