The Witch's Bladder Control

Author: UrineLover1

*002*2022-12-31 02:50

Part 3!

“Hey!” Eve cried, happily.

I was walking through the halls the next morning when I ran into her. I was already regretting that beer I drank last night. I just wanted to be a guy!I forgot about my stupid bladder being under lock and key. I knew Eve wouldn’t let me pee this soon. There was no point in even asking.

“Hi.” I said.

“You okay?” Eve asked. “Looks like you’re deep in thought.”

“Fine.” I replied.

“Well, I’m not.” Eve said.

I stopped and looked at her. “Why?” I asked. “What’s wrong?”

“Okay,” Eve said. “Picture this… Last night I left to capture some hogs for an experiment. So I drank a potion that made me invisible so I could nab them. I also had to drink a potion of strength so I could lift them. Well, I miscalculated the potion of strength recipe so the effects wore off quickly. So, I drank a second potion and had to drink three more just to lift all the hogs onto my broom. Well, at this point, my potion of invisibility ran out so I had to drink another one of those. My broom was weighed down from all the hogs and couldn’t fly. So I had to force the hogs to drink potions that would make them less heavy. They fought me and lots of potion splatted in my hair, eyes, and mouth. Finally, I got back here. Winded from a long time, I drank some pumpkin juice and passed out on my bed.”

I froze. What was my reaction supposed to be? All I heard was a long story that I honestly didn’t give two shits about.

“So?” I asked. “What’s your problem?”

“I drank seven and a half potions last night, including all the ones the hogs spilled in my mouth, plus pumpkin juice.” Eve cried. “And I mean, a tall picture of it!” She showed me her hands spread wide apart. “And I didn’t go to the bathroom before bed.”

It took my tired brain a moment to comprehend what Eve was saying. I noticed Eve moving her legs a lot. She kept shuffling from side to side and occasionally even grabbed her crotch. I noticed she had a camel toe through her jeans. Why did I notice that?!?

“I… I didn’t even know witches used the bathroom.” I said.

Eve burst out laughing. “Oh, don’t make me laugh.” She begged, bending down to regain control. “Of course witches pee, silly!” Eve shouted. “We are human too… Well, sort of. And all that liquid we drink has to go somewhere, right?”

“I guess…” I grumbled. I found myself unable to take my eyes off of the witch potty dancing. The witch noticed this too.

“You… you enjoying this?” She asked.

“No, no!” I shouted instantly, quickly looking up. My eyes slowly drifted back down to the dancing witch. “Okay… maybe a little.” I admitted. I scratched my forehead. “I mean, it is just kind of epic that you get justice for what you did to me last night and since I arrived in fact! Plus, it is kind of funny to watch you, a witch, a big strong all powerful being so, so…” My voice trailed off as I watched the witch squeeze her crotch and moan. “Man,” I said. “Man, you… you are really desperate, aren’t you?”

“Yes, yes,” Eve smirked. “The irony is not lost on me. But, you know what I was thinking?”

“What?”

“It was kind of unfair of me last night to make you pee in front of me.” The witch said. “I should have given you privacy.”

“Yeah, well, it’s not like I asked for it.” I pointed out.

“I know, I know, but I still feel so bad.” Eve began shifting her legs one in front of the other as she bobbed her body up and down. “So, guess what?”

“What?”

“Today, you get to watch me pee!” Eve exclaimed.

I blinked. “I’m sorry?”

“I watched you last night. It is only fair.” Eve said.

“I… I’m sorry… But aren’t I a prisoner or something?” I asked. “Why do you care about fairness?”

“Okay, first of all, you are the one that wanted to stay here.” Eve said. “Remember? Now that I am controlling your bladder, you wanted to stay here to be closer to me. And second of all, that is right. I am in control of you so I command you to watch me pee!” Eve grinned. “What do you have to say about that?”

I rolled my eyes. Eve was kind of cute… in a mischievous sort of way. “Fine.” I said.

Eve pumped a fist in the air. “Alright!” She cried. “Next objective… Get to a bathroom before I burst!”

“We wouldn’t want that.” I said.

“No, we wouldn’t!” Eve agreed.

Eve turned and fled down the hall, grabbing herself. I followed close behind. Eve had to stop every now and then and grab herself. At one point, she stopped, bent over and grunted, “It’s coming out…”

“No,” I told her. “It’s okay,” I placed a gentle hand on the witch’s back. “Eve, Eve, you can do it, okay. Just a little farther.” I really didn’t care for this witch. But maybe if I was nice to her, she would go easy on me next time. Besides, I really didn’t like seeing her in so much pain. I knew first hand what a painfully full bladder felt like after all.

Eve smiled up at me. “Oh,” she sighed. “You do care!”

At long last, we made it to a restroom. We rushed inside together. Since no one else was in the castle - besides the cat anyway - I left the door wide open.

This bathroom looked a lot different than any bathroom I have ever seen. Since I used the pail last night, I don’t think I have ever seen the inside of a single bathroom in this castle. The shower looked pretty normal and so did the sink and the towel rack. But the toilet was different. There were three things I found very strange about this toilet. One, it was high, Really high. So high, you had to step on your tip toes in order to get on top. Two, the seat was huge! Even with the toilet seat down, the actual bowl of the toilet was wide enough that you risked falling in if you weren’t careful, And three, and strangest of all, the toilet was transparent. And I am talking, see through to the other side transparent!

Eve was stumbling around and cursing and moaning as she struggled to take off her jeans. She pulled her knickers down too. I couldn’t help but look at her knickers. They were green with little black stars on them. I liked them… I mean, as far as female underwear goes that is!

Eve quickly grabbed hold of the toilet and pulled herself on top. Eve slid backwards on the giant bowl. The toilet was so transparent, that if I wanted to, I could see Eve’s vaginal lips through the side of the bowl… If I wanted to, that is. But I don’t, so. And I didn’t want to see her shaggy pubic hair either!

Eve let out a loud sigh and an instant gushing was heard throughout the halls. I could see Eve’s almost clear urine stream shot down from her pussy and splatter against the toilet water. I could actually watch the toilet water turn yellow. Just watching it reminded me of that beer I drank last night and how it, just like all of Eve’s potions, wanted out.

“Now this… is relief!” Eve cried. She turned and looked down at me. That toilet was so high up, she actually had to look down at me. “How’s your bladder doing by the way?” She asked. “I assume the bowels are still empty.”

Yesterday when I first got here, I would have lied. But now… I was inclined to be honest. “Kinda.” I said. “I had a beer last night, so…”

“Oh, poor baby.” I watched as Eve’s stream came to a complete stop.

“That’s it?” I asked. “You looked bursting?”

“Oh, I am! And sitting on the toilet does not make it any easier, let me tell you!” Eve cried. “But I digress. You have to pee, I still have to pee quite a bit. This toilet is very big as I’m sure you could tell!” Eve kicked off her shoes and wiggled her butt enough so her pants and knickers feel off and onto the floor. Eve scouted back even farther and placed her feet to the sides. “Cimb up.” Eve said, patting the seat in front of her. “Plenty of room.”

I glared at her. “You… you want me to pee with you?”

“Sure, why not?” Eve replied. “We both need to tinkle. It is unfair I am having all the fun.”

“You… you would let me go again so soon?” I asked. “I’m not even desperate.”

“You can get a pass.” Eve continued patting the seat. “Come on, I really want to pee with you! Please! Make an old witch happy and scout on up here with me. Please, oh please!Please with a cherry on top!”

I couldn’t help but smile at her childish nonsense. She wanted me to pee with her? That was new. But that toilet certainly was big enough for us and maybe even a third person, no questions there.

I don’t know what has gotten into me. But I found myself taking off my pants, knickers, and slippers.

“Yay!” Eve clapped.

Eve had to grab my hand and pull me up onto the jumbo toilet with her.

“Why is your toilet so big anyway?” I asked while getting seated.

“What do you mean? If anything, this toilet is on the small side.” Eve said.

I glared back at her in surprise. “You think this is small?”

“It is a normal sized witch toilet, anyway.” Eve said.

“Oh.” I said. “Us humans have toilets like half this size.”

“What?” Eve giggled. “Then how do you humans pee together?”

“We don’t. It’s kind of a thing we don’t do.” I said.

“But… say you and a friend are both desperate! What would you do then?” Eve asked.

I shrugged. “One at a time.”

“Huh. That’s odd.” Eve said.

“Well, I think sharing toilet time with your buddies is odd too.” I said.

Eve laughed. “You’re so funny, sweetie!”

“Yeah,” I said. “Anyway, can we pee now?”

“Ah, yes, of course.” Eve whispered in my ear. “You may pee.”

As soon as she said those three words, I felt my bladder muscles relax against my will and I felt my urine pour down into the toilet below. I could hear Eve’s violent stream behind me.

“Hope you don’t mind.” Eve said. “I pee kinda loud.”

“That’s okay. My pee is usually louder than this, so.” I replied to which Eve laughed.

And so, the witch and I peed together. I felt Eve rest her head on my shoulder. I saw her hands reach out in front of me and slowly cup around my breasts. The witch was… grabbing my boobs? She was soft and delicate. Having her head on my shoulder, her hands on my boobs, her hairy vagina brushing against my butt… I kind of liked it all. I wish I could see our double streams fall into the toilet! But I guess that is only if you are standing on the side of the toilet, not on top. Can’t see from this angle.

It felt good to let that beer in my bladder out. And it felt even better that Eve was sitting with me, peeing at the exact same time I was, letting out all of her fluid as well.
