Collection of Female Dom Male Sub Omorashi Short Stories

Author: Utnapishtim

*000*2023-10-29 01:04

SORRY FOR DROPPING THIS IN THE WRONG FORUM INITIALLY. Ahem.

I think story collections do better on Wattpad so I'm trying to group my short stories going forward. Here's a quick blurb of each of the 3 currently on the collection, more will be added as I write more. I don't know how to link the whole collection - so I've just got links to each "chapter" or really story. You don't need an account or anything to access any of the stories, I just use wattpad bc its easier to edit after posting plus I get the statistics! I would not have expected as many readers for my previous two stories.

1) The Desperate Experiment: Male POV 4k words

A guy shows up to a psych study where he has to drink a lot of water and wait for it to hit his bladder. He's asked how he feels and has to play a little game to test his abilities with a fuller and fuller bladder. A couple mistakes means the study pushes his bladder to its very limits!

%https://www.wattpad.com/1393610365-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

2) Desperate Car Sex: Male POV 1k words

A guy lets his girlfriend ride him even though he's desperate to pee. She tops him of course and that puts so much extra pressure on his poor aching bladder. Describes sex, so more sexually explicit than the other two.

%https://www.wattpad.com/1393610464-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

3) Desperate and Deadly Game: Female POV 4k words - a lot more intense than the other stories as is literally life or death for him

A girl kidnaps a guy she finds cute and forces him to hold her pee for her in a sick game. If he fails and wets himself early, the trap will kill him.

%https://www.wattpad.com/1393610784-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

Have two other stories already on my profile so if these sound good, or femdom sounds good but none of these capture your attention check out what else I wrote here: https://www.wattpad.com/user/turpindick14

Yes I am a slut for self promotion. Don't slut shame me lol.

Let me know thoughts on these, suggestions for future stories (no promises), or idk how to delete a post on here that you accidentally dropped in the wrong forum. It seems crazy to me if you can't delete posts on here, but I also don't see the button.

I'll probably keep using this thread and updating this story collection each time I add a new story.

*003*2023-12-27 08:58

Thank you 🙂 If you're into roleplay or bladder control feel free to reach out to me. I like the male sub female dom dynamic in my dm's as well. Here's the latest addition:

%https://www.wattpad.com/1408794767-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

A bit of a longer one with an explicit sub/dom dynamic. Some mild exibitionism and a locked pair of jeans.

*004*2023-12-27 09:27

This might be an easier link to use:

%https://www.wattpad.com/story/355099901-omorashi-femdom-a-collection-of-men-desperate-and

