Remote Control Desperation

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2023-01-15 22:07

This story is based on a dream I had a few nights ago. It is about a woman whose urination habits are controlled by a remote control, like for the TV. Hope you enjoy!

Karly approached the massive black throne. Her knees trembled and her neck - having to cran so far to look up - was aching. Karly sucked in a breath and then said aloud, “Mistress…”

“Karly, welcome,” came a cold voice from atop the shadowy throne. “How are you, my dear?”

“I’m okay,” Karly felt her tongue go numb due to the dryness of her throat.

“Yeah?” The voice responded in a falsely pleasant tone. “My favorite maid is doing well this morning? That's good to hear. How is that?” The Mistress pointed a bony finger down towards Karly’s stomach.

“M… My what?” Karly crocked, fear rocketing through her nervous system.

Karly watched as her shadowy Mistress ran her bony fingers along her jawbone. “Your bladder?” The Mistress asked. “Is your bladder doing okay, my love?” Her voice was extra slow as the Mistress annunciated each syllable carefully.

“It’s okay.”

“Is it? As I recall, I have not let you empty yet today?”

“Just a little morning pee. I’m fine, Mistress, really.”

The Mistress twirled a bony finger through her lengthy black hair. “Good girl,” she cooed. “Good strong girl. I am very proud. That’s right. Hold your pee. For I am in control of you!” On the last sentence, the Mistress held up that dreaded remote. It looked like an ordinary television remote from afar. But upon close inspection, one would notice the buttons are very different from any TV remote in the world.

Karly stared up, watching her Mistress wag the remote control back and forth in her elderly fingers.

“Now, Karly, dear, can you be a good girl and hold for me?” the Mistress asked sweetly. She giggled to herself. “Of course, you can. You do not have a choice. You cannot go tinkle unless I allow you. The only way Karly can pee pee is if I am so kind as to press a little button right… Here…” The Mistress held her finger above a certain button on the remote. Karly wasn’t sure if her Mistress was teasing her by threatening to press the button and make Karly wet herself or if the Mistress was reminding Karly that she was the one who controlled her bladder. “That’s right, sweet thing,” the Mistress said, as if reading Karly’s mind. “I control your bladder. Not you! I’ll bet you feel oh, so silly… A twenty-nine-year-old has to go to her Mistress to ask for the potty. It must be so humiliating for you, huh?” Karly - assuming her Mistress was asking a rhetorical question - didn't respond. “Isn’t it?” The Mistress growled, a hint of fury in her voice.

Karly quickly nodded her head.

“Speak, girl,” the Mistress snapped. “Is this embarrassing for you?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“Yes, what?”

“I am embarrassed.”

The Mistress smiled. “You are? I don’t blame you. I would be too in your position. Having to ask to go potty. Big girl needing permission to take a pee pee. How old are you, huh?”

“Twenty-nine,” Karly repeated. Her Mistress may have already stated her age, but Karly knew she better answer all questions whether or not they were rhetorical.

The Mistress pursed her fat lips, covered in black lipstick. “Twenty-nine-year-old lady has to ask to pee pee,” the Mistress teased. “Well… Ask.”

Karly had woken up that morning planning on holding it. She knew it was a hassle to get the Mistress to let her pee, so she asked as little as possible. And more often than not, rather than letting her pee, the Mistress just made her situation worse with that cursed remote control! But Karly knew by now she should never defy her Mistress. No matter what her Mistress said, she did.

“May I please use the restroom, Mistress?”

The Mistress grinned even wider. “Good girl, asking so respectfully. Let me think…” The Mistress tapped her chin. Karly could feel her heart racing. She also felt the fullness of an unemptied morning bladder. Karly crossed her fingers behind her back, silently begging her Mistress to permit a morning restroom visit. But Karly was not at all surprised when her Mistress looked down from her throne and said, “No. I am afraid you cannot tinkle this morning.” Karly swallowed. “And do you know what we do to girls who can not go pee pee?” The Mistress probed.

Karly swallowed again. “Increase the pressure?”

“That’s right,” the Mistress giggled wildly. “Increase the pressure, good girl!” The Mistress held up her remote. Karly closed her eyes, embracing for the pain.

And there it was…

In a split second, by a single push of a button, Karly’s bladder went from semi-full to rock hard and painful. Karly’s bladder shot from her stomach. In a split second, her bladder has swollen to the side of a large boulder. The pressure was so intense that Karly was knocked from her feet. Karly fell to her knees. She quickly navigated her hands around the colossal bulge and shoved them down deep into her crotch. Karly knew it didn’t matter. She was forbidden from peeing anyway. Even if she wanted to, nothing could escape. But it decreased the pressure slightly just to hold herself.

“Poor thing,” the Mistress sounded. “Tell me how you are feeling. Describe it to your Mistress.”

Karly just wanted to curl up and sob. The pressure was so intense. It felt as if she had a literal mountain pressing down on her small sphincter. It hurt beyond belief. Karly didn’t want to talk right now. And she certainly did not want to talk about the pressure! But once again, she knew she could not defy her Mistress’ wishes. It would only make Karly’s situation much, much worse.

“Well, I… I…” Karly blinked the tears from her eyes. She struggled to regain control of her breathing. “My bladder is f… F… Full!” Karly wailed. “There… There is much pressure down on my lady bits. I can feel the pressure down deep inside my vagina. My abdomen hurts real bad.”

“Uh-huh,” The Mistress laid far back on her throne. She lifted her free hand and slid it down the folds of her pitch black robe into her underwear. “What else?” The Mistress’ movements told Karly she was pleasuring herself. Such a sick woman… But Karly knew by now that her Mistress derived pleasure from her pain.

“It… It is painful, Mistress…” Karly stammered, sweat beading down into her eyes. “My bladder is so far stretched… I fear it’s going to explode…”

“Yeah, yeah, what else…” The Mistress grunted, her hand shifting wildly inside her panties.

“It feels like I have an avalanche of pee inside, all begging to come out,” Karly went on. “I have gallons and gallons of liquid waste inside, all of it squishing my pee hole. My pee hole is aching and throbbing, trying to keep it all back…”

“Uh-huh, what else, tell me, tell me!” The Mistress cried forcefully.

“My bladder is as big as a boulder and as hard as one too…”

“Uh-huh… More, more!”

“The pressure is so great… I may just pop. My bladder will actually rupture! I have to piss so bad! I have to pee, I have to pee right now! I can’t take this pressure, Mistress!”

“No?”

“No!”

“Hold it!”

“I can’t…:”

“Hold it, you damn girl!” The Mistress bellowed at the top of her lungs.

“Mistress… I need release…”

The Mistress let out a powerful moan as she reached her climax. The Mistress’ muscles relaxed as she slumped in her chair.

The Mistress panted and panted. She removed her cum covered hand from her pants and lay as far back into the cushion as she could. “Good girl,” the Mistress moaned. “Thank you for that orgasm. Now, time for you to piddle!”

“T… Thank you… M… Ma’am…” Karly whimpered. Karly actually felt as if pee was going to spill from in between her open jaw.

“Go,” the Mistress lazily waved Karly on.

“T… Thank you, M… Mistress…” Karly - knowing the drill by now - began to crawl towards the toilet her Mistress had set up in the corner of the throne room. Crawling on her massive bladder hurt like hell! Karly’s bladder was so big that she would have easily been able to use it as one of those hoppity hop balls. But Karly didn’t dare add pressure to her bladder.

Karly finally made it. Karly lay at the foot of the porcelain potty. Almost there… Suddenly, Karly felt wetness in her jeans. Karly’s pee filled brain was sent into a frenzy of panic. How could she be peeing right now? That was impossible! Karly was physically unable to pee unless her Mistress pushed that button on her remote. As quickly as the squirt started, it stopped. Karly let out enough that her jeans were dripping wet. A massive wet patch the size of a basketball was on her crotch.

Karly glanced up at her Mistress who smiled down at her, waving her remote happily. “Sorry,” she apologized. “Just thought you could do with a squirt.”

Karly fired a death glare at her cruel Mistress. It took every last ounce of strength from her tired muscles, but Karly managed to pull her two-hundred-pound bladder up onto the toilet with her. Karly was pleasantly shocked that her massive bladder wasn’t enough to break the toilet in half.

In her hysteria to reach the top of the toilet, Karly had completely forgotten about her soaking wet jeans which were still on. Karly had no idea how she would take them off. Her bladder was just too large to navigate around. Karly’s muscles were aching, and her pelvic floor was tingling with numbness.

“Do you wish to remove your jeans?” Mistress asked kindly.

“No…”

“No?”

“I can’t take it anymore,” Karly sobbed. “Please just allow me to pee…”

“With your jeans on?” The Mistress asked in surprise. “What about your panties? You can’t ruin your lovely panties now?”

“I don’t care… Please let me pee…” Tears rolled down Karly’s face. All she wanted was to get this piss out of her! She didn’t care in the slightest where it went. She just wanted it out!

“Very well,” the Mistress studied her remote control. “Choose your color.”

That dumb remote held so many settings. That single remote control controlled the color of Karly’s pee, the strength of her stream, the sound of the stream, even the smell of her pee! Under normal circumstances, a remote like this might be kind of cool. But at the moment, it was torture for Karly. She didn’t care what her piss looked like or smelled like or anything. She just wanted it out of her system!

But Karly knew better than to tell her Mistress this. She had to respect her Mistress. Her Mistress was kind enough to ask for Karly’s preference after all.

“So many wonderful colors,” the Mistress exclaimed, eyeing the remote. “Lemonaid, pale yellow, neon yellow, colorless, amber…”

Karly did her very best to cross her knees through her swollen bladder. But to no avail. The best she could do was hold her knees together. It helped, but not nearly as much as Karly would have liked it too. “Give me light beer,” Karly said.

“Light beer it is,” the Mistress tapped a button. “Now for the smell. Coffee, odorless, asparagus, cranberry juice, alcohol, garlic…”

“Maple syrup, please,” Karly remembered that one. She loved the sweet smell that came with it.

“Very good. Sound?” The Mistress asked. “We have thunderstorm, rainforest, waterfall, fire hydrant, geyser…”

Karly had to place a hand over her wet crotch. Just hearing these words was enough to make her ready to blow. “How about a dam bursting?” Karly figured this was appropriate given what she wished to accomplish.

“Okay,” the Mistress tapped another button. She then smiled down at full bladdered Karly. “You seriously wish to piss your pants?”

“Yes, ma’am…”

The Mistress shrugged. “Okay, your pants…” The Mistress examined the remote closely. She then pointed it at Karly. “Let us start you off with a weak trickle.” The Mistress pressed a button.

A very soft sound came from underneath Karly. It sounded exactly like a dam exploding. But it was super quiet, as if the dam was holding back a small trail of water rather than a river. The sweet smell of maple syrup filled the air. Karly could feel the stream redampen the crotch of her jeans. She could feel the tiny stream slowly leaving her body and trickle from her pussy into the fabric of her jeans and finally leak down into the toilet below her.

Karly was thankful to no longer have to hold it in, but she wished her Mistress would take pity on her and hurry this up. Karly didn’t want to trickle. She wanted to gush! Karly was finally able to relax her muscles - forced more like it - but her bladder was still super uncomfortable at having to hold back gallons more.

Karly was tempted to ask her Mistress if she may pee a stronger stream. But she knew her Mistress would do what she wanted anyway, so there was no point in even asking.

“Good girl,” the Mistress congratulated. “How about a stronger stream, huh?” Karly just nodded. Her Mistress pressed another button. Karly’s stream grew into a medium sized stream. The sound of the dam exploding was louder as was the maple syrup smell. But Karly still wished her stream could be larger.

Karly hated wetting her jeans, but she was too grateful at getting the chance to pee, that she really didn’t care.

“Good girl,” Mistress cried, slapping the same button on the remote relatively to turn up the power of Karly’s stream.

With each flick of the button, Karly’s stream increased in strength. Karly soon felt as if she had an actual waterfall shooting from her pussy. Karly was forced to pee with such power now that it actually hurt. It hurt incredibly bad to pee with this much strength. But as painful as it was, Karly was delighted. She wanted all of this piss out! It felt sooo good to release! The gushing sound was intense. Karly’s jeans were absolutely flooded. The wetness ran down the legs and was now soaking on the floor. Every square inch of Karly’s jeans were soaked and her pee hole was the size of a quarter as it ejected all of the liquid inside Karly’s body. The sound of a dam exploding flooded the entire room.

Karly suddenly felt her entire pussy submerged in water. At first, Karly just assumed her jeans were waterlogged. But looking down, Karely realized that - thanks to her Mistress’ remote - Karly’s bladder had been holding so much that the entire toilet was overflowing. Piss the color of beer poured over the sides of the toilet. The ground grew into a swap as Karly’s pee collected into the largest piss puddle she had ever seen.

Karly cursed loudly as every square inch of her lower half began rinsed in her urine. Karly cursed even louder as the stream grew in power. It hurt. But it also felt extraordinary. Karly doubled over on the toilet, swearing her head off as she let herself flood, not caring where it went.

Behind Karly, a powerful fart echoed through the halls. Bubbles rose in the urine, splattering liquid waste all over Karly’s back.

The Mistress held a hand to her mouth, giggling, her hand hovering over the ‘fart’ button of her remote.

Karly’s monster sized gush carried on for several long moments. Finally, when Karly’s bladder appeared to be normal, her Mistress slowed her stream to just a trickle again. Even as she trickled, Karly could feel the urine level grow directly under her and she watched as several rivers of piss flowed over the side of the bowl and to the dark purple marble floor. Karly’s Mistress forced her to let out a series of smaller sized farts. Finally, Karly’s bladder was properly drained.

Karly lounged back on the toilet, panting, shaking, and sweating. Her lower half was soaked entirely. Her lower shirt and lower back were also properly drenched in piss. A gigantic puddle rose off the floor, and piss overflowed the toilet.

The maple syrup scent was rather calming to Karly. Karly moaned once more. As painful as this moment was - emotionally and physically - it was also kind of exciting. Karly would never admit that to her Mistress, of course. But it was true. People say there is no better feeling than a pee when you are full. And they are right. But it is even more enjoyable to have a bladder that is so full it extends the limits of reality and then finally peeing!

Just like Karly’s piss, silence flooded the room.

Finally, Karly’s Mistress said to her two simple words, “Good girl.”

More silence as Karly panted and her Mistress grinned. Finally, Karly’s Mistress said, “Now, go get cleaned up and get back to work. Ironically, you are my maid, so you must clean all of this up.” Karly looked around at her massive puddle and swallowed. She might need the biggest mop she had. “PS,” the mistress kept her legs crossed, kicking the upper one out and back in. “No complaining. You signed up for this. I - your all powerful and wealthy Mistress - give you such a large salary and in return, I control your bladder. Oh, and you clean for me too.”

“I know this,” Karly said.

“If you know, then get cleaning.”

“But Mistress, can’t I rest first?”

“No.”

“But Mistress….”

The Mistress held up her remote and pushed down on a button.

Karly instantly felt her bladder fill again. Granted, it wasn’t nearly as bad as before. But it was a semi-decent urge. The kind of urge that told you, ‘hey, find a bathroom quickly.’ But Karly knew she was unallowed to pee for a while.

It was unfair! Why couldn’t Karly just rest for a while? Why did her Mistress have to torment her again so soon? Karly looked up at her Mistress, a look of misery in her eyes.

Her Mistress just continued kicking the air and chewing on her nail. “Get cleaning,” she said flatly.

“Yes, Mistress,” Karly stood up, her bladder already over halfway full. Karly once again contemplated if any amount of money was worth this abuse. But Karly knew one look at her paycheck would put those fears to rest.

