Close encounters of the desperate kind

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-01-01 05:27

It was a mildly cold 60°F day in the big city. Life flourished as usual without delay or breaks in the routine followed by the city. People went to work or school this morning, or went for a walk or out to the park. It was mundane for the city, especially since it was becoming warmer. But something was going to happen that would change all that.

Out in the park, birds chirped and people walked, talked, sat or played. Some even did a picnic. The aqua-colored sky coated with its marshmallow-colored puffy clouds of various shapes brightened the day thanks to the sun. It was a pleasant day day despite the breeze. But one person gazing up at the clouds to check for weather patterns using his binoculars.

The person was an amateur weather scientist of about 20 years and on his day off. So far, his gazing only brought more boring good weather. "Nothing to see here. All is well. Man there is no action or drama. But no drama is good drama, right?" He said to himself. He jotted his observations on his Samsung notepad app using a stylus pen.

He went to look above again, turned his binoculars in every direction and saw nothing. Suddenly, he saw what appeared to be an area of the sky lit up as it turned from a blue to a fiery red color. The person was finally getting action but began to wonder what weather disturbance this was. The fire kept growing as it hurtled towards him.

At first, he kept looking at the fire in the sky windering what it was. Was it a new phenomenon or have the gates of hell opened? Who knew? The center of the fire began to appear black in color as an object began to become visible with each passing moment it became visible. It was getting closer to the park and to the surface.

The amateur scientist began to feel overcome with fear for what it might be and if he was in the crosshairs of the object. He ran away to inform a nearby officer of the law of the situation. Upon seeing this and some other bystanders too, he spoke through his radio to his other coworkers to get everyone out of the park.

Soon various officers began ushering people out of the park. There was a general fear of the object that had come so much closer and could be perceived as an unidentified flying object. It was definitely not from this world and no longer on fire from entry into the atmosphere. People watched from afar as the object descended towards the surface of the Earth.

Every officer was poised and ready to shoot for the protection of the human race and fight at ground zero of this event. Not only that, but swat, state troopers, and county police were called in. Even civilians armed to the teeth and military officers (still can be called or once served) came ready to defend the city.

Even the mayor was by now taken to a bunker. The President and military had to be informed by this point. NASA and military satellites had to have picked up on this flying craft passing by them and warn the government. By now the craft had landed near the Earth's surface (100 feet above the park surface).

Some alien fans wanted to get closer to do a meet and greet. Some even wanted autographs but they were kept behind the gates to the park. Others didn't know what to think or hated the idea of aliens showing up. And of course, cell phone pictures and recordings were going on.

The aircraft just kept hovered above ground and the police army was ready to fire of necessary. One officer used his microphone and spoke. "This the combined might of the police security of Macropolis. Leave at once or come out with your hands up. If you fail to comply we will shoot you to kill!".

But the officer's captain grabbed the microphone away from him for speaking what he thought by was a lame threat. He chose to speak. "Leave now or else. This is your last warning." The space craft didn't move at all. After 1 minute the captain opened his men to be prepare to fire upon the craft. He was also informed the military would show up soon.

It would take them about 20 konutes for their jet crafts to show up. But it would take another 20 minutes more for the infantry men and women plus tanks to show up. Some people from the crowd of alien fans were trying to scream out not to fire on them. "You don't know they want to hurt us. You'll start a war we can't win."

But others yelled back in Opposition. "Blow them up. They don't have permission to be here. Don't by any crap about peace. You can't say they don't to kill us!" The officers did as they were ordered by their superiors. The officers took formation and aim at the craft.

Just as the order to attack the craft came about, the craft began making a strange automated noise. The underside of the ship was beginning to lower. The inside portion of the hatch was built with stairs leading up to the shop and out. Beyond the stairs was a black void which seemed to show nothing.

Officers were poised and ready, while feeling awkward and fearful as they never dealt with this before. It wasn't everyday an alien spacecraft showed up and out of nowhere. Everyone was in awe as they were expecting little green men or something other worldly to come out of the ship. It was anyone's guess.

From the empty void emerged a figure with a slender figure walking awkwardly walking down the stairs of the underside hatch. The figure appeared as an alien female of magenta skin color with brown hair, magenta eye color, with a height of about 5ft. 5 inches, wearing a small tiara. The tiara had a small round ruby-colored gem at the center.

She came out with her legs pressed together and one hand tightened into a fist while the other was held out. The gesture was one of which said "stop stop don't shoot". The officers and civilian militia (made of civilians and former soldiers). She was accompanied by a small team of security guards.

The guards also had magenta skin color and towered at 6 ft tall. They were muscular and wore armor for their protection. They carried staffs made of strong alloy and encircled the female alien. The head of the security team whispered to the female alien. But the female alien brushed it off.

The police captain for the state police spoke through his microphone. "This is Captain Cyril Dunne of the state police. You are trespassing on Earth grounds. You must leave at once or else we will shoot." The guards surrounding the alien female took a poised stance to attack and defend. But the alien female gestured at her guards to stand down.

She did so while holding the left side of her pants. The cops down below didn't know what they were saying and the civilian militia wanted a clear aim on the alien female. The alien female came in front of her guards and using a speaker of her own, she spoke. She did speak a little strained but with the voice of a 20-year old human female.

"G-Greetings .. c-citizens of Earth. M-my n-n-name is Talfeena Nebulon .... princess of the S-Solarin people of Solarus ... planet. Ooooooohhh!" She said. She grabbed the front of her pants while bent forward and fighting off her urge to go. Everyone looked shocked they knew English, and that the princess of another civilization existed.

But they wondered what was she doing. Why she was behaving the way she did? Was she alright? Talfeena Nebulon continued. "It i-is an honnnnour t-to meet a fellow n-neighbor from another ...... world. I -h-have come to make peace and ..... oooooooooo." The head of the security guards stepped up and chose to speak for her.

This guard was the head of security. He was known as Drakkus Dae. "Her grace has come with an intention of peace between her race and yours. This peace will hopefully not just benefit your people but hers too. And if we establish peace it may help her grace at the moment."

The police and everyone else were shocked. What did they mean benefit and how? And what was it the Princess wanted as of this moment.

Edited January 2, 2023 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*001*2023-01-01 19:58

The garb of the princess I am thinking about is seen below. It is the general lay out of the uniform not the specific details.

&&

*002*2023-01-01 20:21

Down below after ground zero, the police were still in contact with the military commanders en route and explaining the situation. They were shocked and figured perhaps this race of Solarins studied the human race. They still had the jets ready to fire when ready. At the ground zero, media personnel were present and still taking footage. Phone pictures were still being taken.

But the police, civilian militia, and some military personnel were still present. They knew the aliens could speak English. Talfeena and her guards were awaiting the decision of the humans. However, Talfeena was being antsy with her guards, gesturing to them about being down on the surface. But she was seen having her hands near her nether region.

Drakkus had to keep informing her to keep them away from such a spot. "That is unsightly. You shouldn't do that." The princess couldn't help it but she had to if she was to avoid seeming pathetic. "I'm sorry the pressure is so great. I must get to the point of this encounter with the humans without starting a war amongst the stars." She wasn't here for war but it could erupt.

The princess awkwardly approached the humans and shakily out her hands in their air. She walked with her legs rubbing past each other and bobbing up and down. Once again, Captain Dunne spoke and told her to stop. "You don't have permission to enter our planet. Leave now or else face the full might of our defenses against outside invaders."

Princess Talfeena had to think fast, while bent forward and wincing in pain. She was trying to hold back something. The police weren't going to relent despite the fact she did look in pain. They wondered if she brought a plague from beyond the stars or if she was hurt from an injury. Either way, the captain meant business. She wasn't trying to risk war but she had to do something.

"I-I understand my presence is unannounced and showing .... up here m-must be t-terrif-fying. B-but I am n-not here to h-harm you or your p-people. Oooooooooh. I want t-to m-make peace-" but she was cut short by Captain Dunne. "If yoy really want to make peace then leave here at once. Last chance!". Drakkus was ready to fight to the death but Princess Talfeena just chose to come out with it.

"Okay fine. But I must ask for one thing which I am in great dire need of your race has. My .... facilities for which I release my biological waste is damaged and I must use yours. May I please use yours? Please?". The officers and military were dumbfounded and someone shouted "What?". Princess Talfeena was running out of time.

She was now facing an urge so great if she didn't find what she needed, it would mean great embarrassment for herself and her people. "I mean I need to ... as you people say ... piss and into one of your ... bathrooms. I am on the verge of ..... (gasp) .....". Everyone saw what was shocking and awkward beyond belief.

The pants of the alien princess became darker and darker. The darkness traveled down as streaks down the pant sleeves and into her boots. The princess was frozen with fear and humiliation. Even her guards tried to surround her but it was too late and everyone close up could see.

The streaks became bigger and merged into one darkness. Princess Talfeena had just peed herself in front of the human race and during their first encounter. Even the humans couldn't believe what they saw. They now understood why the alien came here. Even the civilian militia thought this was gross.

After 30 seconds, there was silence. No one knew what to say. Then, the Solarin princess spoke. "I am sorry for this awful spectacle and if any of my ... piss got onto your sacred lawn that is your park. Please forgive me and I didn't mean to offend you humans. I just needed to use your bathroom. But knowing I couldn't just land and walk over to a bathroom I thought we could establish a quick friendship. But I just couldn't hold it. Please don't judge us and go to war with us. Please I beg you."

The officers and military didn't know what to think. The Princess didn't hear a response and chose to leave Earth. She was defeated and without means to fix her ship's plumbing. But one of the alien fans called out to her. "Hey wait. You can use my bathroom!". One of the officers pulled him aside and scolded him for putting his life in danger.

The rest didn't know how to respond to this. The alien just wanted to use the bathroom? Princess Talfeena left and departed looking for another civilization in her stinky pants. But there was a chance she had to return again if there was nowhere else to go.


