Nowhere to go

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-02-20 00:41

Good evening! I hope everyone is doing well. I am posting a fiction I wrote in another pee website. I am open to comments about my story and opinions too. I am making some changes to this story to fix any grammatical errors.

Summary: A female mountain climber is desperate to urinate while climbing up a mountain. There is nowhere to stop and find a place to urinate. The female is left with one option to resolve her problem.

Main character: Marris Porter

Plot: Today was another day in the life of the mountain climber Marris Porter. Today, she was climbing one of the tallest mountains in the Rockies in Western United States. She started at 8 am and wanted to reach the top by 6 pm. Although it was summer time and the weather was beautiful, still it would be a long way up. Marris had to stop a couple of times for drinking water and having her lunch.

After her lunch at 1 pm, she continued her climb. A few times, she slipped on unstable portions of the mountain side. But that didn't deter her. She wasn't the type to give up or give into fear. And she wasn't afraid of heights. Being high up was an adrenaline rush. After an hour, Marris started to feel her bladder fill up from all the water and Pepsi. Although it felt annoying, she didn't give up. Once she put her mind to climbing, she rarely stopped or gave up. It had to be an emergency or super dangerous to stop climbing.

By the time it was 4 pm, she was only 78 percent of the way up. Marris realized she was not going to make it by 6 pm. By this point, Marris had to urinate. Again. She brushed it aside and kept going. As time kept passing, Marris was beginning to feel all the water from the start until now, the Pepsi plus sandwich at lunch, and more sips of water. She began scrunching her face and grunting about her need to urinate.

The heat didn't help as she needed to stay hydrated and replenish her oxygen supply as the atmospheric oxygen reduced. But the sips of water only added to her need to urinate. The pang she felt in her bladder and her urethra was making it hard to focus. She was beginning to slow down as she had to stop and hold herself. But Marris was determined to keep going.

After 2 and a half more hours, she just couldn't hold it. She was cliff side and stopped in her tracks. It was 6:30 pm, still daylight but only 95 percent of the way up. Marris was fighting an unearthly urge to urinate. She just couldn't keep climbing. And she was several hundreds of feet below the top of the mountain. She slipped several times due to an urge (one of many) that became overwhelming.

This time, she couldnt move anywhere, and on the verge of an accident. She had nowhere to go and no other option. She assumed a more squatting position by bringing her knees closer to her chest while on the mountain side. She let go of control and began to wet herself. Her mountain climbing shorts turned from a dark green color to a brown color. And the dark spot kept growing.

It was like a wet hand was gripping her crotch area and it felt uncomfortable. Several smallet streams emerged encircling the central one, followed by streams and dripping from and out of her short sleeves. However uncomfortable and disgusting it was, it was waiting until she had an accident or keep moving. And this wasn't the first time she had to urinate like this.

After 30 seconds, she waited until the dripping stopped and kept climbing. A few rivulets traveled down her thighs and calves, but they dried off. One at the top, she was relieved. She made it! The view was perfect and the breeze perfect. And by some chance she came across a hot spring oasis. She undressed and cleaned herself. She also did laundry. Marris camped for the night and hopped on the helicopter the next morning.

