Who needs zippers?

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-07-22 22:01

It was another hot afternoon in the Grand Canyon as the heat wave just kept going. The prolific towers of the rock formations stood high and pointed towards the heavens above. Down below the ground baked and broiled in the dessert heat. There wasn't much in the way of vegetation out here. There wasn't much in the way of animal life either. But there was one life form trekking through the area. And that was Marris Porter.

She chose to go hiking in the Grand Canyon to check out the area and take photos. But by this time, 3:30 pm, she was facing a new dilemma. It was her bladder. She had to relieve it badly after all the water she drank and the time spent out here. It was hot and she drank lots of her water bottles.

She felt the pressure against her urethra and wanted to get rid of her liquid payload. After some time, she chose to make a stop in the middle fo this magnificent Canyon and take a squat. Marris felt it was time. "Okay time to pee!" Marris said to herself. She took off her hiking backpack and set it down on the desert ground

She walked a couple of feet away to prevent splattering or smaller rivers of her piss to touch her bag. Then, she went to undo her hiking pants button. It was a snap-on button which she successfully undid. Next came the zipper.

She pulled on the zipper handle and began dragging it downwards to open her pants. It went only a quarter of the way down before becoming stuck. "...". No response from Marris as she looked perplexed.

She tried tugging on her button and pulling the fabric to one side but couldn't make the zipper move. Marris became antsy and more frantic but it led to no avail. Marris tried again, pulling it up and down. But the same problem happened.

Her need became so great she just chose to forgo properly stripping. She squatted and did her business. A dark patch encompassed where her exit hole was to the surrounding area of her genitalia and down below to her buttocks as streams and trickling occurred surrounding a central stream.

It wetted the ground and puddled. Splattering occurred is every direction, luckily not touching Marris. After 20 seconds, she finished her business and finished hiking. She came across her helicopter and got onboard to return back to civilization.

During her trip home, she wondered about the need for zippers. 'Why not just have buttons?' Marris thought to herself. It would be so much easier to have a button you could just open and may he a belt. That way, you don't have to deal with zippers that can get stuck.

