Guy desperate at the club (femdom)

Author: Utnapishtim

*000*2023-10-07 01:59

I love stories where guys have their bladders controlled so I ended up deciding to write them. I have more stories like this one. I like the fact that wattpad tracks viewer numbers so I published it on wattpad, but you don't need an account to view it, let alone a paywall or anything. A guy gets desperate to pee at the club and can't wait in line when he meets a cute girl...

%https://www.wattpad.com/1388117483-guy-desperate-to-pee-at-the-club

If other people like this genre I'll publish my other stories too. Currently have two more one longer one shorter and I'm working on another one, and if you have opinions on the cite used to publish it, I can definitely adapt. Let me know if you liked it! Here or on wattpad.

*003*2023-10-07 16:29

Thanks! These seems like a good way to do it for me. I like getting comments on here and statistics on Wattpad. I have two other stories finished, and one partially written

A shorter story about a guy desperate on a bus with his girlfriend also male pov A longer story which is absolutely crazy about a girl who captured a guy and makes him hold female pov The unfinished one involves desperate sex and would also be shorter male pov If there's one of these you'd want to see soon, let me know which and I can get on uploading, posting, and possible finishing it.

*005*2023-10-12 23:01

{{On 10/7/2023 at 3:05 PM, GotaSecret said:

I really like the sound of the first and the last one, but I'll read anything you decide to post haha

}}

Thank you! That really means a lot. I just posted my second story - the shorter train one as that was the already finished one you expressed more interest in.

%https://www.wattpad.com/1389603483-desperate-train-ride-can't-hold-his-pee-on-the

