Rent money hold-up!

Author: Uroguy

*000*2024-09-07 14:02

It was another hot and sunny day at the city of Rhodensia. As usual, it was a scorcher and uv index was high too. It was advised to stay indoors and stay hydrated every hour. That did lead to some become desperate for the bathroom, and boy did some have to go. One in particular was Piper Prestin. On this day, she worked up a storm without any breaks at work due to plumbing issues, dealing with customers back to back, and missing out due to big queues for bathrooms at nearby establishments. Plus, she had to come home by several cabs and buses, due to power outage for train service. She just couldn't miss a single bus or cab. It was 5:50 pm and still the day was going in July.

However, 2 minutes later, Piper returned to her apartment complex and just as she entered she was stopped by a huge, 6 ft tall and chunky 50-year old angry looking man. It was none other than her landlord Mr. Sykes. His face was beat red and angry as ever. Piper stood there bouncing up and down on her knees, wincing, and pained as she desperately wanted to grab the part of her shorts covering her groin area. The older man shouted "WHERE'S THE RENT MONEY? I TOLD YOU YOU AND YOUR FRIEND WOULD BE OUT ON THE STREET OR ELSE. WHERE IS MY MONEEEEEYYYYY?"

Piper shook with fear and almost wet herself. She had not urinated since this morning at 6:30 pm before leaving for work. Now she was so badly bursting and on the verge of a flood. In fact, she spurted in fear of his shouting, which made it to her outer lips covering the exit to her urinary tract. She kept the hatch closed so hard (like last time in my previous story Interruptions). Piper weakly replied "I gave it to-" but she was cut short by Mr. Sykes who thundered again "GET OUT OR GIVE ME THE MONEY NOW!".

Last month, Gwenndolinne forgot the rent money and poor Piper had to pay the money while bursting for the bathroom while in a tight bridesmaid dress. As usual, this time Gwenndolinne forgot and as always, Piper had to shoulder the responsibility. Poor Piper and her tortured insides. Again, she was being denied the restroom due to rent and it's all because her selfish, irresponsible roommate didn't do her part. "M-mr. Sykes I-I can go and" but again she was cut short due his anger. "Thats it! YOU'RE OUTTA HERE! NO MORE EXCUSES. You have costed me time and money. I am so done with you and Jen or Gwen or whatever the **** her name is."

Piper had to absorb her landlord's fury while battling a wave of desperation and another two spurts into her outer folds. Both spurts were smaller half second spurts as opposed to her first one which was a small jet of 1 second time span. Piper tried to speak again, explaining that the rent money was still in their apartment. If she could just retrieve the money, then everything would be solved. "P-pleassse j-just let me go to my-" but a third time she was cut off.

"YOU AND YOU'RE DAMN GENERATION OF MILLENIALS ARE SO LAZY AND FULL OF EXCUSES. YOU AND YOUR ROOMMATE AGREED EVERY 1ST OF THE MONTH YOU GIMME THE MONEY AT 7 AM SHARP. THIS IS THE 6TH TIME YOU'VE BEEN LATE ON RENT MONEY. YOU ***HOLE YOUTHS DO NOTHIN' BUT LIE AND CHEAT PEOPLE LIKE ME WHO WORK LIKE DOGS FOR WHAT? LORD KNOWS YOUR KIND DON KNOW SQUAT!" Mr. Sykes replied angrily and continued with his tirade.

"I'M DONE WITH YOU AND YOU'RE ROOMMATE. IT'S TIME FOR YOU TWO TO GET THE **** OUTTA HERE!". Piper stood there having to take his anger and fight her urge to pee. Piper was fidgeting as she bounced up and down, scissoring her knees, and bending down in pain. Her face showed massive distress. All that yelling and being the verbal punching bag was causing her so much anxiety, making it harder for her to hold her massive ocean of gold inside herself, and prevent another spurt or worse, an accident.

Every part of her mind and body were screaming at her from all over her to unleash her golden payload, and feeling hurt from all the yelling pointed at her. She was crying inside and almost about to do so on the outside. Why was she being yelled at? She always did her job? Why was she being blamed for Gwenndolinne's irresponsibility and selfishness? And why is this big pot-bellied giant preventing her from taking a necessary pee? And the rent money was in the drawer near the front door to her apartment. Why he couldn't just let her go and get it?

Just then, a customer and a staff worker from the landlord's office showed up simultaneously. The customer was an elderly woman of 70 years old while the staff person was a blonde-haired woman with several strands of scarlet streaks. The elderly woman by the name of Edith Permberton saw the tirade, and slowly but quickly walked out of the building. The other female of 20 years old couldn't help but feel annoyed. She was none other than Jennifer Sykes (aka Jennee [pronounced the same as Jenny]). She was good friends with Piper and understood exactly what was going on here.

"Not this again. Why does that brat of a girl make things so hard for Piper? And as usual, my father has blown a gasket over rent money again!" She thought while expressing an annoyed look on her face. She stepped forward and tried to console her father. "Alright alright that's enough!" Jennee said calmly. "I will get the money from them. I know where they keep it." But her father, growing more angry, tried to politely talk to his daughter, replied back. "I'm sick of these urchins robbing us-dont go anyway. I'm not done with you yet. And stop fidgeting like a 5-year old ready to piss herself. Look, I can't stand this you know this."

But Jennee already understood and still tried to talk her father out throwing Piper out. "Piper has always been responsible. I keep telling you it's Gwenndolinne. She's the one who can't seem to remember to pay the rent. It shouldn't be all on Piper's head."⁹. Piper tried to speak if only to explain that she could still get the rent money. "M-m-mr. S-sykes, the rent is still in my apartment room-". Mr Sykes wasn't having any of it. "NO! From now on, no more freebies. You were warned 6 times and now you're.... hold still. This is rude and ... see this generation by daughter. This is why I don't like you going out with whomever from school."

Piper kept on scisssoring her legs, and doubling down. She was on the literal verge of an accident. "P-please let me get the rent money-oh gawd I have to pee." Jennee tried to ask for one more freebie but her father wasn't having it. Again, he politely explained to his daughter that he didn't want her being taken advantage of. Mr. Sykes knew how his daughter and Piper were good friends. But he was still the landlord. "You and you're roommate are outta here once and for all!" Mr. Sykes shouted. Piper attempted to ask again but the landlord gave one final shout of denial against that.

Piper shook in fear of his yelling and desperation. She couldn't take it anymore. Her body gave way. At last, she began emptying her bladder. Her eyes widened and her face expressed as though a ghost was seen. She looked down to see her shorts turn black and rivulets appearing from the insides of her shorts, then from all over her thighs, and several streams of her golden ocean surrounding a central stream emerging and striking the ground. Some of her rivulets coursed with a current snaking around her thighs and calves, some of which splattered onto the ground or flew off her legs.

"Noooo!" she shouted but it was no use. Her muscles wouldn't budge. Poor girl, she just couldn't hold it anymore. Why her of all people and for a second time? She buried her face in her hands, feeling so mortified. Jennee couldn't believe she held that much and Mr. Sykes was turning even more beet red. Jennee quickly shewed him to his office for his blood pressure medication. This flood occurred for a good long 60 seconds, which felt forever in Piper's position. Afterwards, she was trickling, then after 20 seconds, she finished, save for leftover drops going into her now drenched undergarment and shorts.

Piper didn't know how to make this right and she had nowhere to go. Her apartment was off limits due to the rent situation and going outside was mortifying. She didnt know what to do but try to find a way home to her parents out in the suburbs. She hated herself, her landlord, and her roommate. Jennee came back and tried to console her. "It's gonna be alright. My father is calm now. I'll take this month's rent, but this can't happen again. My father won't tolerate it next time." Piper understood the situation.

Just then, Gwenndolinne burst into the lobby with her right hand stretched out. In her hand were some green-colored paper currency. Like a small child who completed a task for the first time, she blurted out this. "I have the rent moneeeyyyy!". Everyone looked at her with shock, appal, and bewilderment. Piper on the other hand, turned beet red and took on a very scary appearance. Her anger and frustration was now about to blow as did Krakatoa in 1883.

"YOU SELFISH STUPID .... UUUGGHHH .... there are now words to describe the pain and anguish you caused me today. I wet myself because our landlord won't let us stay in our apartment. And why you ask? .

BECAUSE YOU FORGOT THE RENT MONEY!". Gwenndolinne stood their shocked and although she tried to apologize, it only made the situation worse. "Sorry doesn't CUT IT! Look at me! LOOK AT MEEEEEEE!". Jennee motioned for Piper to calm down. She turned to Gwenndolinne. "As you know, my father's policy is clear. 7 am sharp or you're out of the building. And yet Piper along with so many tenants in this complex can honor that. While there are some who are late, you are the worst. Look at your roommate. We want more responsible people like her in our complex. But my father has kicked you both out-" but she was cut short. Gwenndolinne immediately responded "Wait what! We're being evicted?". "That's right and it's all your fault. This time I can't help Piper. All because you couldn't remember to pay the rent." Jennee replied.

Gwenndolinne was frantic and tried pleading to Mr. Sykes but to no avail. He yelled at Gwenndolinne as he did to Piper. But Gwenndolinne snapped back. And this time she dug herself a deep hole. "You can't do this. We have rights and it's not my fault my roommate can't remember some of the time to pay the rent. And it's not my fault she pees herself. Why's everything on my head? What is Piper doing?". Piper heard these words echoing in her mind, as though they were spirits repeating a chant, causing Piper to snap.

"Everything .. everything ... EVERYTHING! You don't do most of the work in our apartment and you don't even finish what you start. You make me do it. How dare you try to pin this on me." But Gwenndolinne replied back "At least I didn't piss myself because the roommate hogged the bathroom for a shower." (Please see Desperate Morning.) That did it. Piper heard enough and approached her former roommate with hostility. Jennee held her back as best as possible. It shocked Mr. Sykes and Gwenndolinne how angry Piper became.

Mr. Sykes stepped in and told both of them to keep silent. "Piper, I dont normally do this, but for you and you only, i will give you a other chance to stay here. As for you Gwenndolinne, you're outta here for good! Get your things and get out. Now!" Gwenndolinne was shell-shocked by this. She couldn’t believe missing rent would cost her this much, but it was well deserved.

Piper stayed in her apartment while Gwenndolinne had to move out asap. She didn't have any family nearby nor within the state. Her parents were on vacation while her grandparents, aunt and uncle were in the next state over. Piper enjoyed her single living arrangement, feeling more at ease without Gwenndolinne's chaotic nonsense. Gwenndolinne was a good roommate at first, but she became lazy and irresponsible. Now, she would have to figure out where to live. Her moving took a few days to do. But for now, she was living at a hotel. Her things were .... well .... in garbage bags.

