A New Sword

Author: Unbeknownst

*005*2017-07-14 14:11

Chapter 5: Welcome to Spire

Phoenix nearly suffocated in the crowd clogging the streets of the small village. Forcing her way out, she found rolling grassy hills where other players fought against different colored slimes to varying levels of success. She bent down and plucked a blade of grass marveling at its texture. The sun overhead was pleasantly warm.

With a floundering of arms, Phoenix collapsed forwards. Some passing players laughed at her. Phoenix picked herself off the ground carefully so that she didn’t lose her sense of balance again. How odd. Clearly she didn’t lose her ability to balance since she could still run and stand if she focused on it. Sitting down, Phoenix tried to find a browser but only managed to find the game menu. As she looked at her stats, she lamented how much she had chosen to give up for those innate skills.

“You alright?” A player who looked to be in his late teens with faint stubble on his face dressed in leather clothing that didn’t quite hide the fact he had a bit of a belly. He had a mop of dark hair and equally dark eyes. He gazed at Phoenix expressionlessly.

“Yeah. Just taking a break.”

“How long ago did you start?”

Alarm bells went off in Phoenix’s brain. Was he looking for some noob to pick on? But since she just started, she didn’t have anything to lose. Except maybe her starting money. She didn’t know how much ten iron coins was worth, but probably not much. Might as well just play along for now. “I just started. Why?”

“I’m betting you don’t have a good handle on your balance yet.”

“How did you know?”

“Everyone starts that way. Don’t worry, you’ll get used to it just by standing or walking around. Took me a while.” He drew his sword and Phoenix immediately leapt to her feet, but all he did was look at his reflection in the gleaming blade and then hold it up sending rays piercing into the earth. Phoenix’s move caught his attention. “You sure you just started?”

“Yeah. All I’ve done is walk out of town.”

“I haven’t seen anybody who moves as well as you and I’ve been out here some. You a gymnast or something?”

“Never tried.”

The boy huffed thoughtfully. To Phoenix’s surprise he sheathed his sword and extended a gloved hand towards her. “Name’s Corvus.”

“Phoenix.”

Corvus’ massive hand would have crushed hers if he had gripped any harder. A friend request appeared in front of Phoenix who hesitantly accepted. She could always remove him later anyway. “You need anything, you let me know.”

“Um, okay. Thank you.”

Corvus broke into a crooked smile, his dead eyes brightening for a moment. “Good luck, Phoenix.” Then he left without so much as a backward glance.

After walking around for a while and doing some basic stretches, her subconscious balance grew strong enough that she didn’t have to worry about falling over even if she wasn’t paying attention. Phoenix had only a single real piece of equipment, a White Pine Short Sword, and an extra pair of clothes.

The sword was at least cleanly made if nothing else. It was also pretty light, easy to hold in one hand. She performed a couple cuts wincing at how messy they were. Oliver had made the transition look so simple. Maybe they had messed with his avatar a bit?

Phoenix briefly considered going back into town to try to buy a better weapon but dismissed the notion in favor of immediately going to kill a few slimes. As a sword user, she watched a few other beginners fighting the slimes. Observing let her memorize the slime attack patterns although she spent more time wincing at how slow the player reaction times were.

Wandering away from the edge of town, Phoenix found a slime wandering about on its lonesome and charged straight towards it. Her hand reached for the handle of her sword and she darted past the slime. The blade of the sword cut through the length of the slime. A direct hit for maximum damage.

…Not that her maximum damage was very high. In fact, Phoenix almost despaired when she realized she’d only done about a twentieth of the slime’s total health. The fight would not be difficult. It was so easy to dodge the slime’s attacks she could probably kill it in her sleep. But it would still take an annoyingly long time.

.

A/N:

Corvus is the genus to which crows belong.

*006*2017-07-14 14:12

Chapter 6: Steps Behind. Steps ahead.

Phoenix’s blade swept through the slime one last time to finally kill it. All she got was a tiny bit of experience, not even a coin. She was about to go fight another one when she realized she needed to use the restroom. Grumbling, Phoenix made her way back to town and logged off.

Taking off her helmet, Michelle set it to the side and got out of bed only to realize she didn’t need the restroom. Her clock read 12:45. That meant it was only a little over 45 minutes since she last used the restroom. She couldn’t possibly need it again so soon. Quickly coming to the conclusion she had no idea what was going on, Michelle opened her computer to peruse the forums and, sure enough, there was a post about it.

Spire VR came with the Decency Protocol. The Decency Protocol prevented players from doing things such as undressing in the presence of another person. This much made sense and was part of the game’s advertisement, trying to appease parents and prevent players from being too outrageous. The part that interested Michelle was a post from one of the employees.

The game had a needs system. If you needed to use the restroom in the game, then you had to use the restroom in the game. But what about if you had to use the restroom outside of the game? How would you tell the difference? The employee replied that if you used the restroom in the game and you still needed to use the restroom, then you needed to use the restroom in real life. Simple. Except that it was broken. For some reason, female characters virtual bladders filled about eight times faster than their real life counterpart.

Mystery solved. Now what was she going to do about it? Michelle briefly entertained the idea of creating a new male character. However she rejected the notion on two grounds. Number one, she would have to use the restroom as a man… something that she very much so did not want to do. Secondly, Spire didn’t allow for multiple characters. Any person was only allowed to have one account. This was prevent people from creating bot accounts. Which meant she was stuck with Phoenix whether she liked it or not.

By the end of the day, Michelle had made little progress. She was being as efficient as she could be with her time. It came down to the fact that at this stage in the game, her damage was pitiful. Maybe she should get someone to carry her. But the only person she’d bothered adding as a friend so far was Corvus and she didn’t know him really.

“You haven’t been returning my calls!” complained Rachel pouting when they met for second period two days later on Monday.

“Sorry.” Michelle yawned widely. “I’ve been playing non-stop trying to level up.”

“Same,” commiserated Rachel. “I barely hit level 4. You?”

“I’m level 2.”

“What?! I thought you said you’ve been playing non-stop!” Rachel frowned. “You run into a lot of PKers or something?”

“I do very little damage.”

Rachel clicked her tongue. “I keep telling you. You’re builds are too greedily.”

“Hey! It works out most of the time.”

“I guess. Have you heard anything about the level 5 quest?”

“The one that takes you from the beginner village to the main world?”

“That one! Yes!”

“Don’t know anything about it.”

Rachel sighed dramatically. “You don’t know anything about it. Sam doesn’t know anything about it. There’s no walkthroughs even though some people have already done it.”

“Why not try asking Caleb?”

“Caleb? Caleb who?”

“Caleb Sherer. He’s looking to party with people who played Milestone.”

“Wonder what beginner village he started at,” mused Rachel. “I guess I’ll try asking him.”

MARRCA. Medieval And Renaissance Recreational Combat Association. That was the club Michelle usually went to after school. She took the last Friday off so she and Rachel could go to the convention. The group met after school in a large field beneath the shade of a towering oak tree. A plague under the tree dedicated it to some university’s professor who had once donated a large amount of money to the school. Thus it came to be known as the Professor’s Oak. No one bothered to remember his actual name since it was long and annoying to try to pronounce.

“Excuse me, you’re in MARRCA, right?” Just as she was about to leave the main building, a boy with spectacles approached her. She didn’t recognize him at all. His sandy hair was neatly combed and his button down shirt and slacks looked recently pressed. His shoes were simple, but just as simply exuded expensiveness. He had a bit of a belly.

“Yes. I’ve never seen you there.”

“Oh, I’m not. I started playing Spire recently. I was wondering how similar it is to the real world.”

“Pretty close,” said Michelle matter-of-factly. “We meet under the Professor’s Oak. It’s this way.” She walked out the doors.

“Wait, you play Spire too?” The boy chased after her.

There weren’t that many club members. Only five members were regulars, but there were others that popped in and out frequently so they usually had about ten people. The other regulars were already there warming up, the usual weapons propped against a nearby bench. Despite being wooden boffer weapons, they were appropriately sized and weighted.

Michelle went and picked out a double-edged longsword with a narrow cross guard. Having tried all the weapons the club had, this one was her favorite. They all had their favorites. She flourished the sword one handed as she turned to face the boy following her. “You should go see John. He’s the club president. There’s a waiver you need to sign and have a guardian sign as well. You won’t be able to fight with anyone, but I can teach you a little.”

“Okay, thanks.” He went off to go talk with John and Michelle picked out a short sword like the one she used in the game. Setting the two weapons on the ground she started stretching. After her stretches, she picked up the short sword and performed the eight basic cuts.

Two people approached Michelle as she finished with her cuts. One was the bespectacled boy she met earlier. The other was a girl with black hair and freckles. Unlike the boy, she was clearly dressed for the occasion wearing a t-shirt and sweat pants. That was Sam, the friend Rachel mentioned earlier.

“Hey Michelle!” Sam waved a hand and smiled as she walked over. The boy gave a silent nod.

“Hey Sam!” Michelle turned to the boy. “What’s your name?”

“Matt. Matt Kutchins. I’m a senior.” He towered over her. One of his hands clutched one of the club’s longest short swords. He held the blade up to the sun and his mouth twisted in a wry smile. “It just doesn’t feel the same as with a metal sword.”

Michelle laughed. “So who wants to go first?”

Matt took a step back. “I thought we couldn’t fight if we didn’t have our paperwork in? You’re just going to beat us up.”

“She means who wants to be taught first, silly!” replied Sam. “I do!” She hefted a spear the height of her shoulders.

Michelle crossed her arms. “That spear is too short, you should get one a foot taller than you are. Get one for me too.”

“Oh, ok.” Sam hurried to go exchange weapons.

Michelle turned to Matt instead. “That about what you use in the game?”

“It feels about the same.”

“Good, then I’ll get you started.” Michelle assumed a ready stance. “This the plough stance. It is simple and effective.”

“Like this?” Matt held his sword in the right position.

“Good, but your knees should be more bent and your feet shouldn’t be spread so far apart.”

“Oh.” Matt moved his feet. “This feels really unsteady.”

“You’re standing too in line. Here.” Michelle moved his back foot over a couple inches. “Better?”

“Better.” Matt confirmed. “I should have worn something else.”

“Don’t worry. You aren’t going to be moving around yet. I’m just going to teach you the eight basic cuts.” Michelle demonstrated the eight cuts slowly. It wouldn’t be wrong to picture an eight pointed asterisk, each cut starting from a different point.

Once she got him started on repeating those, Michelle turned to Sam who was waiting patiently with the spears. “You’re sure this isn’t too long?”

“It’s perfect,” declared Michelle. “Let’s get started.”

A/N:

My college has a MARRCA club that I belong to. I know how to use one-hand swords, two-handed swords, spears, staves, axes, knives, and some grappling/taekwondo/karate/wing chun in real life, so the physical weapons will probably focus on those.

*007*2017-07-14 14:12

Chapter 7: Catching Up

“Finally!” Phoenix hoisted her most recent purchase with delight. It cost all of her iron coins. Not that she was using them for anything else. Still, it had taken her until about level three and a half to collect enough of them even though she didn’t spend any of her starting amount. She held an orange grade sword with the lowest base attack damage for an orange weapon and an attack speed of .6. Although attack speeds went all the way up to 5, the fastest weapons at the current point were only a 2.

All in all, not very good stats. But its ability was perfect for someone like Phoenix who had poured all of their bonus points into strength. Basic attacks using the weapon dealt additional damage equal to 5% of her strength.

Her level up speed increased dramatically and she managed to get to level 4 before going to sleep much later than usual. At level 4, she finally took her first active skill which empowered her next basic attack to deal bonus magic damage. When she logged in tomorrow, she would surely hit level 5.

It didn’t take long to hit level 5. Phoenix hurried towards the Adventurer’s Hall, a large wooden building with an insignia depicting a dragon surrounded by people from each of the classes. Players crowded the insides looking for parties and taking out new quests. Although one could take quests from npcs, usually for better rewards, most of the casual players just came here since there were guaranteed to always be quests at the right level for them.

The quest Phoenix selected from the Board held precedence for anyone that managed to get to level 5. The beginner village and the surrounding area capped player levels at 5. This was to prevent higher level players from coming over and beating up new players. In order to continue leveling, level 5 players had to complete Tunnels of the Land Shark which would take them to the main world.

After accepting the quest, Phoenix proceeded towards the exit and almost ran into a girl clutching a staff. The girl had selected arcane mage for her class, that much was obvious because of her pointed hat. Pointed hats were unique to the arcane mage class which very much so followed the stereotypes for witches and wizards.

“Oops, sorry.” Phoenix hastily took a step backwards.

The other girl didn’t respond. She panted through gritted teeth. One of her hands was thrust up her skirt, wedged between her legs. The lower half of the girl’s face, the half not shaded by her hat, was bright red. Some of the surrounding players started laughing and the girl’s face went, if possible, even redder. She ran off towards the restrooms, her cloak billowing in her wake. A group of boys crashed through the entrance, not bothering to keep their voices down.

“I keep telling you, we should replace her. This is so stupid. She can’t even make it through a simple forest run.” The forest run wasn’t from the official game. Rather, it was a popular route that optimized the time spent running between the three best hunting zones in the forest surrounding the fields outside the village. Beyond the hills, a ring of impassable mountains prevented players from exploring further.

“Give her a break, she’s doing her best.” Phoenix blinked in surprise. The voice belonged to Corvus. His face still seemed to show no emotion. Since they last met after Phoenix just started, he had clearly upgraded his armor which now had patches of metal.

“I agree with Manny,” retorted another boy. “She’s holding us back. We would already be level 5 if it wasn’t for her running off to the restroom all the time.”

“We should find another guy. She’s not that useful anyways.”

Corvus frowned. “We’ll hit level 5 within several trips. It’ll be fine.” At that moment the girl returned, still looking worn out. “You good?”

She nodded her head despite leaning heavily on her staff. “I’m so sorry,” she gasped. The party left. Phoenix stood around thinking for only a moment longer before taking her leave as well. The door opened a few seconds later and Phoenix made a beeline for the restroom herself.

The trip from the city to the forest didn’t take very long. The forest, however, was deep enough that after only five minutes of walking around looking for the quest marker at the base of the mountains Phoenix had to turn around or she would be pushing her usual safety margin.

After another trip, Phoenix started to despair. At this rate, searching the entire base of the mountains would take years. Well, not literally years, but many months at least. Unless she got lucky. Sighing, Phoenix went out again for another try.

This time, she found something. Not the quest marker admittedly, but what looked like the path itself. A narrow cut out of the mountain descended to somewhere on her left. She started to walk in that direction only to realize that she had already used up her allotted time. But Phoenix didn’t care too much. Her monumental task had suddenly been cut to size.

It took only two more tries to find the quest marker, a scarf tied to a rock. Phoenix bit her lip. She should turn around now, but she wanted more information. Perhaps if she ran some of the way, she’d still be safe? Biting the bullet, she continued forwards.

The dusty pathway went straight up to and cut into the cliff face. It was wide enough for two people to walk comfortably side by side. Three if they were crowding. A screech from overhead caught Phoenix by surprise. Claws ripped through her as a bat the size of large dog fell from the sky. It was the first damage Phoenix had taken all game, and it hurt. A lot. Not sensationally, but her hit bar plummeted. She could barely survive another hit. She activated her skill and drew her sword. The blade sliced the bat cleanly in two.

So that was the gimmick. The bat dealt tons of damage, but was incredibly fragile. The surprise factor was everything. As long as she didn’t her guard down like that again, Phoenix mused, she should be fine. But continuing on would have to wait for another time. She turned around and started running back towards town.

Running was a bad idea. At least, running as fast as Phoenix initially was. She ran out of breath really quickly. Right, this was supposed to be pseudorealistic. She walked the first half of the forest to recover and then settled into a mild jog. A couple curious players glanced over as she passed, but nothing hostile. For all they knew, she was late for something.

And she definitely was. Phoenix was beginning to worry she might not make it in time. The last thing she wanted to do was going walking through town with wet leggings. Especially since hers were light gray. Phoenix was wearing a tight fitting red shirt, gray leggings, and white tennis shoes. In fact, it looked more like she decided to go for a run while carrying a sword than she was playing the game. It couldn’t be helped because she couldn’t wear armor.

Only half way across the field, Phoenix almost stumbled as she was forced to stop and press her legs together. She breathed hard. Tensing her muscles to stave off her waves of desperation wasn’t working any more. She tried running again, but the next wave overcame her and she felt her underwear start to dampen before she stopped it, panicking. Fortunately it didn’t seem to be a big deal. A quick cursory touch to her crotch indicated nothing had gone farther than her underwear.

Breathing a sigh of relief, Phoenix set off at a brisk pace. A notification from the system reminded her that losing control of her bladder would reduce her armor durability. Phoenix angrily dismissed the notification. Every once in a while she would need to stop, sometimes accompanied by a twisting of the body. These stops became more and more frequent, but she still made it to town. By this time, Phoenix could barely keep herself in check walking with small stiff steps so she could keep her thighs pressed together. She stepped and bobbed in place, fists drumming rapidly against her legs as she felt more drops escape.

Sweat gathered at Phoenix’s hairline as she struggled to make a choice. She didn’t want to hold herself, but not holding herself could end with her dying from embarrassment. Not literally, of course. Or virtually in this case. With a muffled grunt, she managed to contain the leak and hurried into the nearest establishment, which happened to be the weapon shop.

“If you’re here to purchase something, you’ll have to wait in the line,” declared the clerk.

“Sorry. May I use the restroom? I promise I’ll purchase something.”

The clerk stalled. Phoenix tried to stand still, but couldn’t. Her left leg bent at the knee as her foot wandered about in the air. Replacing her foot on the ground, she alternated bending her legs slightly. She knew she was making her plight incredibly obvious, but it couldn’t be helped.

The master smith looked up from his work and recognized Phoenix. How could he not recognize a customer who bought one of his most expensive creations? Besides, she had done some quests in the past for him slaying slimes and boars. He waved a rag in her direction as he wiped his hands. “Her word’s good.”

The clerk blinked in surprise at having the master smith himself weigh in on the matter. How could he say no to his boss. The clerk quickly gave her directions. Phoenix hurried towards the restroom.

Phoenix changed into a new pair of underwear, her face glowing. The old pair she stuck back in her inventory before exiting the stall. When she returned to the main shop, the customer she had interrupted was leaning against the wall, apparently waiting for something he ordered.

“I’m very sorry about that,” she said meekly as she approached him.

The boy gave her a sympathetic smile and waved a gloved hand airily. “It’s no matter.”

“Thank you.” Phoenix gave him a genuine smile of gratitude and the boy flushed slightly. She started to walk to the end of the line when a friend request from I Promise I’m Good. She glanced questioningly at the boy who indicated that it was him.

“Why the sudden request?” asked Phoenix returning to his side.

“Cat got my tongue.” I Promise I’m Good scratched his jaw with a finger, clearly embarrassed. “It was the first thing I could think of to get your attention.”

“You could have just said something.”

“But I don’t know your name?”

“You could have used identify on me.” Phoenix didn’t see how him not knowing her name affected his ability to call out either way.

“Right.” Awkward silence. “I have to log off, can we talk later?”

Phoenix accepted the friend request. “Sure, just message me.”

“Cool.” He logged off and, after buying a cheap (but not too cheap) sword, Phoenix did as well.

*008*2017-07-14 14:13

Chapter 8: No Girls Allowed

There was a problem. Not for all gamers, but for girls. Not one of them could complete the level 5 quest. It wasn’t a matter of skill, but a matter of endurance. The entire next day Phoenix tried the quest, but even if she simply ran past all the monsters, she still couldn’t get farther than the mouth of the tunnel at the top of the path cutting across the cliff face before being forced to turn around.

Of course she could always just wet herself and try to carry on, but until she changed her soiled equipment would have vastly reduced durability. Enough hits and she would be walking around in her underwear. It wasn’t an instance either, so she couldn’t be guaranteed the privacy to change. That was one of the only ways around the Decency Protocol. Equipment destruction and equipment dropping weren’t considered voluntary so the system wouldn’t retaliate.

That left one option. Go with a party and pray that the rest of the party would carry when she couldn’t hold on any longer. Phoenix ventured into the Adventurer’s Hall. Most of the level five players there were guys looking to party up with other guys or girls begging parties of guys to take them.

The sound of crying nearby drew her attention. The girl in the near corner was sobbing, her pointed hat pulled low enough that only her chin and the tears dripping off it were visible. “What’s wrong?” asked Phoenix. Now that she looked at her properly, Phoenix realized that the arcane mage was the one from Corvus’ party.

“Nothing.” The mage wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. “I’ve seen you before.”

“Yeah, here at the guild hall. What’s your name?”

“Jaina.”

“I’m Phoenix. Where are Corvus and the others?”

“You know Corvus?”

“We met on opening day.” A thought occurred to Phoenix. “Were you kicked from your party?”

Jaina nodded sadly. “Everyone except Corvus agreed to kick me.”

“Why don’t you try joining another party?”

“I did! But when I couldn’t make it so they killed me.”

“How despicable!” Phoenix seethed with anger.

Jaina shrugged. “I haven’t tried to join another party since. I wish they’d fix the game already.”

“Yup,” Phoenix concurred.

“I’m going to log off for now. I don’t feel like dealing with anything else today.”

“Friend me? If I find something I’ll message you.”

“Really? Thank you!” Jaina gave small smile as she accepted Phoenix’s friend request before logging off. Phoenix checked her friend list. None them were online. Jaina had just logged off of course and the only other ones she had were Corvus and I Promise I’m Good. After debating whether to query the parties recruiting, she decided to log off and browse the forums.

Michelle was getting ready for bed when Oliver knocked on her door. She threw on a pair of yoga pants before opening the door for him.

“This came for you earlier today.” He handed her a package. It was her electronic wristband. Right, she had hit level 5. That meant she now entitled to the lowest level benefit of playing Spire, a once per month 5% discount from any electronics store. All they had to do was scan the wristband. She had seen a few people around school already wearing them. Hers was purple, the same shade as her jacket.

“How far in the game have you gotten?” she asked Oliver.

“I haven’t started yet. I’ve been running between meetings all week. They’re still working out how the professional scene is going to work.”

“Won’t it just be the same?”

“Probably. I won’t get a break until the weekend.” He sighed with disappointment. “Good night sweetheart.”

“Night Dad.”

“You’re in starter village F as well?” Rachel asked delightedly. Michelle nodded as the two of them made their way to the cafeteria for lunch. The cafeteria was as busy as usual. And, of course, most conversation revolved around Spire in some fashion. Even those who didn’t play the game at least followed it to some degree. The two of them sat down at their usual spots. Michelle looked with interest down the table. The group that frequented that section was missing, replaced by Caleb and a boy with thick hair combed sideways so that it looked permanently windswept. The table between was filled not with playing cards, but note cards.

“Caleb!” called Rachel, noticing where Michelle was looking. The two boys looked over in surprise, emerging from the depths of their conversation. Caleb smiled broadly and gestured for them to come join them. His raised hand had a red wristband. The two girls scooted down.

“You ready to try again?” Caleb asked Rachel.

Rachel’s face turned pink. “No. There’s no way I can make it. Not until they fix that stupid bug. Michelle’s in starter village F as well.”

“Really? Cool! We should party up sometime.”

“Of course she is.” The other boy started clearing up some of the note cards. “The starter villages are based on user location.”

“Wait. Seriously? Why didn’t you tell me that Jack?!”

Jack looked up innocently. “You didn’t know? It’s mentioned in one of the forums.” He turned his attention to another stack of cards. These note cards had information about some of the materials monsters dropped written on them.

“Where did you learn this?” asked Michelle curiously as she picked one up. “This information isn’t available on the forums.”

“I’ve been messing around with the equipment editor.”

The other three immediately turned to Jack with eager eyes. “There’s an equipment editor?!”

“So that’s why you’ve been too busy to party up with me.” Caleb frowned at Jack again. “You bugger! I thought you were still trying to get to level 5!”

Jack just grinned sheepishly.

“So anyway.” Caleb turned his attention back to Rachel. “You said you can rope Sam in as well?”

Rachel nodded. “But that doesn’t solve the issue.”

Jack shrugged. “Still, we might as well get everyone together and do some practice as a party. We can work out how to actually get through then.”

“Who invited you ‘Mister I’m Too Busy’?” retorted Caleb.

Jack grinned sheepishly. Michelle couldn’t decide whether that was just a joke or actually Jack’s in game name.

A/N:

To those of you who play WOW, here’s Jaina. Well… she’s mage that uses arcane magic anyway.

*009*2017-07-14 14:13

Chapter 9: The Party Gathers

The scheduled meeting time was 4:30 in the afternoon. Phoenix wandered around the town square looking for Caleb’s character Storm and Rachel’s character Ray of Hope. As she went around using identify, she ran into other familiar faces.

“Long time no see, Phoenix. How have you been?” Corvus and Jaina approached, Jaina bouncing happily and Corvus sedately. Jaina’s had her hat tilted back and this was the first time Phoenix could see her face.

“Well. I’m going to meet up with some friends. Have you seen a player named Storm or Ray of Hope?”

Corvus’ stoic expression faltered for a moment. “We’re looking for them ourselves.”

Phoenix racked her brain trying to figure out who they were. Obviously not Rachel or Caleb. Corvus could be Jack. But then again, he could also be Matt. Or maybe not even someone she wasn’ familiar with. Jaina was probably not Sam since Sam used a spear when she came to MARRCA. At that moment, someone tackled Phoenix from behind.

“What?” Phoenix twisted away and placed her hand on the hilt of her sword while simultaneously activating identify. The healer with white robes who had just tackled her smiled cheerily and waved vigorously in greeting. A quick identify revealed her to be Ray of Hope.

“Is that how you greet your friends?” demanded Rachel. “You are seriously violent.”

“You’re the one who grabbed me out of nowhere!”

Ray of Hope shrugged. A boy with wild black hair and yellow eyes stepped up beside her. Many different colored orbs of energy whizzed around him. An elementalist. Storm. He was part of the mage class like Jaina.

“So what should I call you?” Phoenix asked Rachel.

“Just Ray is fine.”

Storm looked around, nodding thoughtfully. “Whats your class?” he asked Corvus.

“Magic swordsman.”

“Rats, so we don’t have a tank then.”

“A tank?”

“Someone who can sit in front of the enemy and soak up damage.”

“That’s the role I played in my last party,” replied Corvus.

“As a magic swordsman?” asked Storm looking very surprised for moment. “Oh I guess since you were just fighting mobs a high defense isn’t very important.” He opened the menu for a moment. “Where the heck is Jack?” he fumed. “I swear he never shows up on time.”

“Actually, I’ve been waiting for a half hour.” A passing player wearing leather armor stopped and joined them. He had a rifle strapped across his back. Phoenix blinked. It was I Promise I’m Good. Looking around he noticed her and hurriedly straightened his armor running a hand through his hair. “Howdy.” His voice dropped slightly. Everyone else cringed. “Real smooth,” thought Phoenix sarcastically.

“Why do you practice with a spear?” asked Phoenix as they entered the fields.

Jaina brandished her weapon. It wasn’t a staff as Phoenix first thought. It was a broom with a pointed comb. “If someone catches me, I need to be able to fight back.”

“Don’t worry about that,” said Storm. “Keeping enemies away from you is Corvus’ job.”

“But what if there are a lot of enemies?”

“I’ll help take aggro,” replied Phoenix.

“Just stick with the formation,” said Rachel. “Corvus takes aggro, I’ll heal him, and the rest of you deal damage.”

The party passed through the forest and arrived at the foot of the trail. Corvus took the lead and Phoenix slotted in close behind him. “Careful,” he warned the others. “There are bats that will attack. They do a lot of damage, so be ready to heal me.”

“Gotcha.” As if on queue, a bat descended from above. Everyone assumed fighting stances, but the bat merely fell in two pieces that disappeared. Phoenix casually stood up from a crouching position having just flipped over Corvus. The glowing purple hue that surrounded her blade faded as the others stared at her.

“Damn.” Phoenix swore softly as she realized she should turn around already. She looked up to see the others still staring at her. “What?”

“That was really fast,” remarked Corvus. “You’ve scouted this area before?”

“I made it all the way up to there.” Phoenix pointed to the tunnel mouth.

“And then what, you got killed by the Land Shark?”

“No, I had to run back to town before I wet my pants.”

The awkward silence was finally broken by the arrival of someone heading not up the path, but down the path. With a shower of dust, a girl wearing sturdy leather boots, a skirt, and a sports jacket skidded to a halt in front of them. She swore softly, looking for a way past. Bouncing from one foot to the other, she said “aw, skip it” and jumped off the pathway into open air. They watched in amazement as she plummeted down the cliff side to her death.

“What was that about?” asked Storm. Phoenix had her suspicions, but didn’t voice them aloud. She’d never actually considered an action so drastic. After all, death meant losing half of one’s stats for the next hour.

“Um, guys?” Jaina and Ray had apparently been having a private conversation as the two of them shared a meaningful look. “Can we turn back now? This was just supposed to be a scouting mission and we can’t stay any longer.”

Storm gave a disappointed frown, but nodded assent.

The six party members sat around a circular table outside a cafe in the town square. “This is hopeless,” complained Ray sipping dejectedly at a fruity drink. The others shared uncomfortable looks. Phoenix drank her hot chocolate, deep in thought. The cold of evening still hadn’t set in, but she was drinking it more for the comfort than the warmth. Try as they might, no one could come up with a way for them to get through dry.

“What if we add a seventh member? Then we’ll have a full party.”

“That’s an idea. Is there a group movement speed buff?”

“What class would have that?”

“Does the priest class have a way to restore energy?”

“No, both skills restore hit points.”

“What about energy drinks?”

“That doesn’t help exactly…”

Heated voices nearby attracted their attention. “What’s going on?” Phoenix spotted a familiar face. The girl that committed suicide earlier was facing four other players in the middle of the crowd. She had a terrifying expression on her face. The players facing her leered, holding weapons.

“That doesn’t look good,” said Jaina. They all looked at each other and then joined the crowd surrounding the five players.

“You’re making this harder than it needs to be,” said the one that appeared to be the leader. “Look, just hand over all your clothes and we’ll let you go.”

“Don’t be ridiculous!” The girl’s face went scarlet. “Get lost!”

The leader sighed dramatically. “So much for the easy way.” He drew a sword and lifted a shield off his back. His three companions smirked as they pulled out an axe, elemental energy, and a staff in turn. “Should have just given us all your money and equipment like we asked.” Phoenix had just finished identifying all of them when they broke into motion.

The girl was named Sky. Quite fitting given her equipment. Her sleeveless top left her entire stomach exposed and was plated with silvery blue metal. She also had matching pauldrons, arm guards and greaves. Ribbons of white cloth swirled around her as if she were a cloud riding the wind. Combined with the miniskirt, the outfit was fairly typical of female armors in these sorts of games, overly revealing and useless in real life.

When her opponents charged, she made her move. Dashing forwards, Sky kicked off the shield and flipped over the heads of her stunned attackers and punched the staff wielder, the healer, in the stomach. Arms flailing wildly, the healer stumbled backwards. She lashed out with foot, but was forced to duck as an ax swung through the space Sky occupied just moments before. “You’ll have to get through me first,” smirked the berserker.

Sky bit her lip in frustration and spun to the side as the leader’s sword cut downwards. Now she was right back where she started, with the knight and berserker between her and the healer The elementalist was still behind her. An orb of light hovered over the staff as the healer chanted a healing spell.

Crimson flashed behind the berserker. “But I won’t.” An arc of purple cut through the healer. The healer’s eyes widened in terror and shock. After her empowered attack, Phoenix whirled the sword around the back of her head its purple glow gone and sliced him from the neck to his opposite hip. The berserker swung his axe towards Phoenix.

Seizing the opportunity, Sky jumped forwards and bulldozed the healer flat. He lay on the ground in a daze, his spell interrupted. Phoenix reversed her grip and nailed the healer to the ground with her sword. Sky was about to stomp on his face when she seemed to realize something for the first time and pressed her skirt down, her face turning crimson again.

“Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.” Sky muttered under her breath as she settled for kicking him in the side of the head. “Why can’t I have shorts at least?” The healer dissolved into light.

Sky was still distracted and got clobbered by the axe that Phoenix dodged. She skidded backwards several feet and glared at the berserker. She started to move only to collapse to her knees as she found her feet sunken into the earth.

“Good work!” The elementalist gave a pleased smile at the knight’s praise and readied an orb of lava. Phoenix was being zoned from her sword by the berserker’s wide cleaves. Abruptly, the berserker stumbled and Phoenix dashed past him. Pulling up the sword, she parried his next cleave and then held up her sword behind her to block the knight’s attack.

“What kind of bullshit skill is that?!” demanded the knight. He started to say more, but was hit by an orb of lava. “What do you think you’re doing?!” he bellowed at the elementalist.

“Attacking her?” asked the elementalist indicating Sky who still had burn marks from his orb of lava.

The knight paused. “Then that means…” He swore loudly before being drowned in ranged attacks from Jaina, I Promise I’m Good, and Storm. Corvus helped Phoenix eliminate the berserker. Sky chugged potions as she face tanked another orb of lava charging towards the elementalist. Caught in close combat, there was no way out for the elementalist who turned to his friends for help only to find them all occupied.

“I owe you one.” Sky thanked the party as they resumed their seats at the circular table.

“So what was that about?” asked Corvus with a particularly pensive look on his face.

“Apparently they call themselves the four horsemen. They mobbed me and told me to give them all of my money and all of my gear. I refused.”

“Oh, I’ve heard of them.” Jaina shivered slightly. “They’re pkers that pick on solo players and lower leveled parties. I heard someone got stuck in the inn because they got all their armor taken and clothing had to wait for a friend to bring them a new ones.

“But what about the clothes in her inventory?”

Everybody looked at Phoenix. “What clothes in her inventory?”

“I started with a change of clothes in my inventory. I thought everyone did.”

Everyone else looked at each other. They confirmed everyone else had started with a basic chest armor and leg armor for their class. Maybe it’s because I chose custom build wondered Phoenix.

“Do you want to join our party?” asked I Promise I’m Good. Phoenix gave him a suspicious look, but he only broadcast earnestness.

“Oh, do you know her?” asked Ray of Hope.

“No, but I know she’s good.”

“Those perverts might have her marked,” concurred Corvus. “Its safer for her with us than alone.”

*010*2017-07-14 14:15

Chapter 10: Preparation Hunting

“Why did you jump off the cliff?” asked Promise.

Sky blushed. “I was planning on finding a secluded spot along the bottom of the cliff. But y’all were blocking the path.” She twiddled her fingers awkwardly. "Killing myself was the only way to get back to town in time."

“How does that work? I thought you couldn’t undress outside of a private area.”

“If you’re far enough away from other players, it’s considered a private area.”

“What?! There’s no mention of that in the forums!”

“I found out by accident,” admitted Sky. “I made a mistake and stayed out too long, so I went as far away from the other players as I could make it. I only remembered the Decency Protocol afterwards.”

“Do you know what the range is?”

“No idea.”

“That gives me an idea.” I Promise I’m Good leaned his elbows on the table and laced his fingers together. “If we could figure out the conditions for it, it might be possible to map out a route with rest stops.”

Storm stood up. “Then what are we waiting for? We need to figure out these conditions.”

“Um… do we really have to?” asked Jaina. “I’ve never… done… that… outside… before.” Her voiced trailed down to nothingness.

“Until we come up with a better idea, I guess we have to,” replied Phoenix.

“Don’t worry, I can help you. It’s not too difficult.” Ever the Ray of Hope.

“Except that if you’re there helping her, she can’t undress.”

Awkward silence. “Maybe it doesn’t count if both players are in the same party?”

“If it were that easy, someone would have figured it out already.”

“Either way, we’re wasting time.”

They had just reached the forest when Ray stopped them. At the lack of a distraction, Phoenix noticed her quickly filling bladder. Sky and Jaina showed similarly dismayed expressions. “Then there’s nothing for it but to figure out the conditions as quickly as possible.” I Promise I’m Good furrowed his brow. Everyone else fell into combat stances as a few wild boar surrounded the party and charged. Phoenix noticed his inaction and hastily shouted a warning.

Promise swore a boar trampled him into the floor. Panicking, he leaped to his feet and tried to dodge the boar’s next attack but ended up leaping directly into its path. His movements were quick, but half-hearted and clumsy. Phoenix found it weird. When it came to planning, he was always quickly set his mind on an effective solution. But his movements now were so bad. Every time there was an unnecessary delay after being hit.

“At least shoot something!” yelled Storm. I Promise I’m Good immediately paused in the movement of getting up and leveled his rifle at the oncoming boar. The barrel began to glow but nothing happened. The boar used one of its skills to knock him airborne. Despite spinning like a rag doll in a washing machine. He managed to perfectly realign his aim right as the glow reached its peak. Just before hitting his head on the ground, the gun fired. A blast of kinetic energy pierced through the boar also finishing off the one Phoenix and Storm were kiting.

“Wtf!” A passing party stopped, stunned at the fantastic shot. “Dude! What was that!”

But their amazement was short lived. I Promise I’m Good of course followed up his amazing shot by failing to dodge any of the boar’s attacks. Dismissing it as a lucky shot, the other party moved on. Fortunately for Promise, the others came to rescue him.

“Nice shot!” praised Storm. “But man, your dodging is garbage.”

Promise smiled wryly and scratched the back of his head in embarrassment.

“Um, guys? How long do you think it’ll take to figure out those conditions?” asked Jaina.

“No idea. Do you want to be the guinea pig?”

I Promise I’m Good explained his rather simple plan. First they would get out of the forest on the cliff side and then one of them would walk away from the others and message them when they got far enough away to undress.

They finally cleared the trees and reached the rocky foothills at the base of the mountain range. Phoenix’s toes clenched and relaxed as she subtly ground her thighs against each other. Still she was doing a lot better than the others who were failing to hide their predicament and lagging behind. Sky caught up as the others sat down, Phoenix delicately, Storm and Corvus calmly. I Promise I’m Good plunked down in a distinctly clumsy manner. Sky did not join them but paced around their circle with shaky steps biting at her lip.

Jaina and and Ray of Hope finally arrived. Jaina had closed her cloak at some point and Phoenix had the distinct impression that she was holding herself somewhere deep within its folds. Ray’s face had gone red and she was panting heavily.

“You going to be alright?” asked Phoenix as Ray stood next to her shakily stepping in place.

Ray of Hope nodded. “I can wait a bit longer.” But the statement was almost immediately refuted by Ray thrusting a hand between her legs for a moment, bobbing in place.

I Promise I’m Good posted their current coordinates in the party chat. “Get going, message us when you get far enough.”

Ray of Hope immediately took off, heading along the tree line. Everyone else waited impatiently.

“What’re you doing?” Corvus asked Jaina who was rocking back and forth with clenched teeth. Jaina’s blush immediately deepened.

“I’m not doing anything, I swear!”

Corvus scratched the side of his head. “I meant, why aren’t you going as well? There’s two directions.”

A light bulb went on above Jaina’s head. “Right!” She started hurrying off.

“Not that way!” exclaimed Phoenix. “That’s the way Ray went!”

Jaina promptly turned and hurried off in the other direction.

Heavy breathing caught Phoenix’s attention and she turned to find Sky sitting beside her facing the other direction, away from everyone else. Sky’s entirely body was trembling

“How are you doing it?” Sky turned anguished eyes on Phoenix who, aside for her squirming, maintained an air of composure.

Phoenix shrugged. “I’m more impressed with how well you’ve held up considering you probably went before the rest of us.”

“Right! No wonder.” Sky elicited a high pitched whining sound causing the others to whirl about in surprise and then promptly turn away politely. Sky’s face could have fried an egg as she finally caved and hiked up the front of her skirt. Phoenix patted her back sympathetically. “Thanks,” she murmured.

To their surprise, Jaina was the first to reply back. She sent just two words. “At last.”

“She isn’t posting her coordinates?” asked Storm.

“She’s probably… y’know.”

“Right.”

Phoenix started to stand up, and promptly sat back down as she felt her underwear start to dampen. She swore silently. Either Jaina or Ray of Hope had to finish soon or she wasn’t going to make it.

“I can’t.” Sky whispered to Phoenix. She leaned forwards and launched herself towards a tree with a large trunk. No sooner had she disappeared around the other side than they heard the quiet splattering of liquid hitting the ground.

Phoenix squirmed harder. Her underwear dampened a little and more threatened to escape, but the sounds stopped taking the edge off her need. Minutes passed, but Sky didn’t return.

“Should we go check?” asked Corvus hesitantly. The boys all exchanged hesitant, embarrassed looks and didn’t move from their spots. As one, they turned to look at Phoenix who waved her arms frantically.

“Please don’t make me move.” She bowed her head and put her palms together. “Please?”

“Don’t worry, she’s fine. She just messaged me,” said Storm.

“Then why hasn’t she come back?”

“She must have some reason. Just let it be.”

“Ray’s on her way back,” said Storm. Music to Phoenix’s ears. She jumped up and ran out off. The moment she felt certain no one could see her, Phoenix pressed a hand between her legs cringing at the wetness of the cloth. Then something occurred to her. If she was going to need to change anyways, what was the point of holding on?

The running liquid felt warm and uncomfortable. On the plus side, the relief was immeasurable. The tension left her body leaving her feeling almost shaky. She was just finishing up when she came across a familiar face.

“Oh no! I’m so sorry!” Jaina looked at Phoenix’s soaking pants with a miserable expression. “It’s my fault isn’t it?”

“No, it’s not your fault.” Phoenix sighed. “I waited too long. I’ll be back soon. Go on ahead.”

“Oh, okay.” As Jaina continued passed her, Phoenix realized with a start that that was the first time she had an accident since first grade. But since no one saw her, it didn’t count right? Except that Jaina had. Fortunately, she was someone Phoenix didn’t have to be embarrassed towards. Besides, its not like she wet herself in real life. Such consoling thoughts did little to help her miserable attitude as she went far enough to change before returning. Phoenix knew that she had made the right decision, but that didn’t make her feel any better.

Sky had evidently had the same idea as they both returned at the same time wearing something slightly different. Phoenix had swapped out her leggings for a frilly ankle length skirt while Sky had swapped to baggy leather trousers. A few eyes widened, but no one commented on the sudden change in attire.

“It’s getting late,” sighed Storm. “Let’s head back to town and we’ll try again tomorrow after a bit more research.” Everyone wholeheartedly agreed.

A/N:

I’ll admit it. A lot of these characters encompass some aspect of my personality.

*012*2017-07-14 17:30

Thanks Bellatrix. It means a lot to have someone else's opinion.
