Dedicated maid

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-10-23 23:12

Today, Constance awoke for another Saturday weekend, well rested and serene. The season was now fall, the month being September, and the temperatures lessened. It was only in the mid-70's but still comfortable and sunny warm. The winds were a mild yet calm for this time of this year. It was a little sad for Constance, wishing the summer heat didn't disappear. But she knew life goes on in the grand scheme of the orbital revolution around the sun.

She awoke for her morning exercises, showered, and ate her breakfast. Of course, she ate only in her robe. Though it was only warm, Constance chose to sunbathe as she did a few months ago. She learned from her mistakes choosing to only do so when she was certain her trusted maid was present and checking the weather for sure. Her cell phone remained with her at all times and the door to the balcony kept open with a door stand at the bottom.

(Please see Nude, Bursting, Afraid and Wet).

Constance viewed the weather and traffic updates 6 times every morning she went for sunbathing. She also requested her trusty maid view these updates during the afternoon just in case anything changes. She didn't want another rude awakening catching her off guard like before. So far the weather showed everything to be in good order and the traffic looking excellent.

Now the only thing left was for her trusted maid to show up. She knew Gayle would arrive late today due to a physical examination by her primary care physician and purchasing a new registration card for her vehicle. That meant awaiting her return at 11 am. Constance prepared her chair and table for thr balcony and the food she would eat today.

###

Fast forward to 11 am and strangely, no word from her maid. Constance looked out the window to see only her Cadillac in the driveway. No one showed up to her home. Constance didn't feel as cheerful but she figured Gayle would show up soon. She turned on the television and viewed the traffic update. To her dismay, the route Gayle has to take experienced some heavy traffic due to another accident.

Constance made a noise of annoyance. "What the hell is wrong with drivers. It's a two-way road with one lane in both directions. Common sense would tell you people not to congest it with stupidity. I don't get some people. This is the third time this month my maid has to arrive late. Oh Gayle. I hope you arrive soon." She knew Gayle always left early enough and still accidents would make her late.

Constance never scolded her maid knowing that Gayle arrived on time always. The only time she arrived late was when there was traffic issues on the route here. It was usually due to rush hour or an accident, usually due to someone not using the common sense or reading the signs. After 30 minutes, Gayle arrived and even honking her car horn as a sign of her arrival. Constance got up, unlocked the door, and opened it to see her trusty maid arrive.

But Constance had this dumbfounded look on her face based upon her maid's somewhat nervous frantic nature. Gayle walked awkwardly and quickly, almost bobbing up and down. Gayle put on what appeared to be a brave face nervously. "H-Hi Constance. I'm here oh oh goodness oh my I'm late I'm late. I'll get started right away."

Gayle hurried inside, put her bag down, pulled out her duster and began dusting right away. It was as if she was trying to avert imminent disaster and hopefully dusting right this second would help. Constance walked up to Gayle with worry and concern. "Gayle it's fine." But Gayle kept dusting frantically and moving at great speed, already finishing the night stand, vase, and the nearby doorknob at the front door.

She spoke trying to maintain her calm and assuring that she was right down on to working. "Don't worry I'm here and that's all that matters. Please forgive for my tardiness. It won't happen again." Gayle said in quick response. Constance tried to assure it was fine but Gayle just became more antsy. "I'mhereandthatsallpleaseletmefinish!" Constance back away, a little offended but took it as it was.

Constance could see her trusty maid in such a frenzy, unable to understand what was the reason for the proverbial fire lit up the rear end of her maid. Gayle bobbed up and down ever so slightly trying to maintain her composure. At times, she came close to crossing her one leg over the other by putting it in front of the other. Gayle understood how much Constance didn't like tardiness, witnessing her unhappy nature towards others whom state an eta but miss it completely.

On Gayle's first day after the interview, the plumber was supposed to show up at about 2 pm but instead he showed up 3 and a half hours later. Constance was so upset but the toilet wasn't flushing well. It was of the utmost importance to Constance that it was fixed and had to endure the wait time. Once the plumber showed up, she vented her annoyance and the fact she help up part of her whole day for this.

She could have made a sale but put off helping a client for the sake of this man. She felt so unprofessional. But she held off her angry thoughts to ensure the plumber finished the work. But she didn't come off nice and fluffy either. She was direct and honest, but with a certain tact so as not to come off as a raging, undisciplined nut bag. Still, Gayle understood this and always ensured never to arrive late.

The only time she almost became fired was a few months ago when Constance was locked out on the balcony during a horrid thunderstorm. Despite Constance's apologies for accusing her, Gayle understood how horrible it was for her to not show up in a timely manner. From then on, Gayle worked harder to ensure she covered all the bases. She wouldn't admit it but at times she put off using the toilet, even during one of her break periods.

Constance wondered what was wrong with Gayle. "What the heck was that? Why was she becoming even more antsy? That isn't like her. Fine if she wants to be that way so be it. As long she does the work as always." She continued to read her novel enjoying it so much while cooking her heavy lunch. So far the weather was looking up and still no storms or build up of clouds in the sky.

Gayle continued dusting the rest of the first floor as she always had. She dusted the picture frames, the decorations, door knobs, and the like. But Gayle bobbed up and down more than before. And now, after 30 minutes, began putting one leg in front of the other. Something bothered her and it only became more aware to her. This urge was instinctive and yet necessary.

Once she finished the dusting, Gayle fast walked to the laundry hamper to complete the laundry. She began rummaging through the hamper for the towels and sheets. She always had to do those first, then the undergarments, followed by everything else. That was the way Constance expected things to be done. Gayle's anxious behavior only became more when it seemed impossible to find the towels.

"Towels towels where are the-here they are. Gotchya." She carefully bent down and began collecting the towels. She put huge handfuls into the laundry bin near the hamper until all the towels were collected. Gayle quickly stood up and made a quick b-line for the washing machine. She opened the door and threw the towels into the machine, and went straight for the detergent and bleach. She poured them in quickly and started the machine.

Amazingly, she performed everything as per her client's specifications. Now, on to the dishes. But as soon as she entered the kitchen, Constance stopped her. "Is everything okay? You've been in such a hurry. What's wrong?" Constance asked. Gayle didn't want to say for it was embarrassing. "You can tell me anything. Is everything alright?" Constance asked again.

Gayle felt the need to confess, not wanting to upset her client. "I-I just don't want to .. to .. to ....... to to ... oh alright. I ... I have to pee like crazy. I drank so much water this morning before going for the dmv which was a pain in the neck. Then, I went to my doctor's office for my physical but after staying there for so long, I learned my appointment was canceled. The time was approaching when I was supposed to show up and there was the accident and being late and you don't like being late so I rushed here and started working. But I gotta pee so bad and the office only allows for peeing when called in for thr urine sample. Once I came here I had to start work right away and not ask for a bathroom trip which is unprofessional and rude so I didn't ask."

Constance remained silent with one eyebrow raised. Her trusted maid wasn't able to go and spoke the whole truth in one breath. Plus, she could see how dedicated she was. Gayle continued to say "Sometimes I don't pee ever since that time you got locked out and now I have to remain even more vigilant when you sunbathe and-" but she was cut off. Constance responded to her reasons. "Gayle stop! ....... you don't have to suffer like this. You aren't just my maid. You are also a good friend. I don't want to see like this. It isn't break time but you can go when you need to. It's okay. I'm not going to report you. It's not like you go every so often."

Gayle, bobbing up and down couldn't believe what she was hearing. "When I said I don't like tardiness I mean it and still hold you to it. But I am reasonable. And I don't want a mess on my floors. And that time I was locked out you weren't responsible after all. Go take of yourself. And don't do this again. Understand?" Constance asked. Gayle replied "Yes. I understand."

She made her way to the guest bathroom and closed the door. She undid her black trouser work pants and lowered them. She sat down and relaxed her muscles. Out came a stream of her golden nectar which struck the toilet bowl down below. For a whole 20 seconds, she emptied her bladder and finished. She wiped herself completely and pulled up her clothes. She flushed, washed up, and went back to work.

From then on, Gayle and Constance bettered their working relationship.

*005*2022-10-24 23:04

Urologist researchers and doctors know this better. I wish we had one on this site. But that might be a catch 22, I think.

