Which anime females do you want to write about for pee desperation?

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-02-12 22:50

Which anime characters do you want to write about in a scenario for desperation or bursting beyond belief, and constantly facing obstacles towards being able to pee? How would you want the stories to go?

*002*2023-02-13 01:30

I was thinking about Hiroko Takashiro from Bible Black. One night she dealt with a case fighting off dark magic users after drinking too much and crashed on the bed. Next morning, she rushed to work but was so massively bursting, she is constantly denied the bathroom for the whole day, and upon having to chase down and fight Reika Kitami, has to decided to fight the urge or piss herself to perform the spell to fight back. She chooses to live but pisses herself so badly and on herself. I also wanted to see the conclusion to Shimoneta season 1 episode 8 whereby Anna has to piss so badly and in the end she runs for the toilet. I wanted to see how that may go but it wasnt shown. May be a story about that might help. And Jura Basil Eden from Vandread. She drank too much, fell asleep and awoke later to fight in her dread starfighter against the evil Earth forces. She can't focus and pisses herself after her dread takes a hit.

The impact causes her to go. What do you think of my answers?

*006*2023-02-14 01:01

Having Waifu Holo might be a great idea. I have seen a few omo fiction about her having to go. And of course, liked the one with Usagi having liquid torture. She ingested too much soda. She eventually peed herself in front of everyone, then fought off the daemon. I really want to see a story conclusion about Anna from Shimoneta. Something made up but totally fits the story. I also want to see a story with Jura Basil Eden. I think we could do one about Kris or Green from pokemon. What other characters do you all think is worthwhile?

*007*2023-02-14 03:47

What about Susan Storm from F4?

*011*2023-04-07 15:30

I also want to see Hiroko Takashiro from Bible Black. It is one of those hentai shows. But I would prefer to see a story not involving sex, but she has to pee like crazy, and for a whole day. The night before, she went out for drinks until coming home at midnight. The next day she is late for work and doesn't have time to use the bathroom. Hiroko is so massively bursting too. She arrives at work only to be denied right and left, plus investigating black magic use and the machinations of the school nurse Reika kitami. At night she is dealing with Kaori Saeki as per called away for the investigation. She is bursting hugely massively beyond belief and after 24 hours of holding it, she just can't hold it. She decides what to do or doesn't make it in time.

*013*2023-12-15 15:22

{{ 

On 10/18/2023 at 3:27 AM, JayJLor said:

Can I see Mikasa Ackerman from attack on titan

}}

Sure. How would the story go?

