Close encounters of the desperate kind

Author: Uroguy 

*000*2023-01-01 05:27

It was a mildly cold 60°F day in the big city. Life flourished as usual without delay or breaks in the routine followed by the city. People went to work or school this morning, or went for a walk or out to the park. It was mundane for the city, especially since it was becoming warmer. But something was going to happen that would change all that. 

Out in the park, birds chirped and people walked, talked, sat or played. Some even did a picnic. The aqua-colored sky coated with its marshmallow-colored puffy clouds of various shapes brightened the day thanks to the sun. It was a pleasant day day despite the breeze. But one person gazing up at the clouds to check for weather patterns using his binoculars. 

The person was an amateur weather scientist of about 20 years and on his day off. So far, his gazing only brought more boring good weather. "Nothing to see here. All is well. Man there is no action or drama. But no drama is good drama, right?" He said to himself. He jotted his observations on his Samsung notepad app using a stylus pen. 

He went to look above again, turned his binoculars in every direction and saw nothing. Suddenly, he saw what appeared to be an area of the sky lit up as it turned from a blue to a fiery red color. The person was finally getting action but began to wonder what weather disturbance this was. The fire kept growing as it hurtled towards him. 

At first, he kept looking at the fire in the sky windering what it was. Was it a new phenomenon or have the gates of hell opened? Who knew? The center of the fire began to appear black in color as an object began to become visible with each passing moment it became visible. It was getting closer to the park and to the surface. 

The amateur scientist began to feel overcome with fear for what it might be and if he was in the crosshairs of the object. He ran away to inform a nearby officer of the law of the situation. Upon seeing this and some other bystanders too, he spoke through his radio to his other coworkers to get everyone out of the park. 

Soon various officers began ushering people out of the park. There was a general fear of the object that had come so much closer and could be perceived as an unidentified flying object. It was definitely not from this world and no longer on fire from entry into the atmosphere. People watched from afar as the object descended towards the surface of the Earth. 

Every officer was poised and ready to shoot for the protection of the human race and fight at ground zero of this event. Not only that, but swat, state troopers, and county police were called in. Even civilians armed to the teeth and military officers (still can be called or once served) came ready to defend the city. 

Even the mayor was by now taken to a bunker. The President and military had to be informed by this point. NASA and military satellites had to have picked up on this flying craft passing by them and warn the government. By now the craft had landed near the Earth's surface (100 feet above the park surface). 

Some alien fans wanted to get closer to do a meet and greet. Some even wanted autographs but they were kept behind the gates to the park. Others didn't know what to think or hated the idea of aliens showing up. And of course, cell phone pictures and recordings were going on. 

The aircraft just kept hovered above ground and the police army was ready to fire of necessary. One officer used his microphone and spoke. "This the combined might of the police security of Macropolis. Leave at once or come out with your hands up. If you fail to comply we will shoot you to kill!". 

But the officer's captain grabbed the microphone away from him for speaking what he thought by was a lame threat. He chose to speak. "Leave now or else. This is your last warning." The space craft didn't move at all. After 1 minute the captain opened his men to be prepare to fire upon the craft. He was also informed the military would show up soon. 

It would take them about 20 konutes for their jet crafts to show up. But it would take another 20 minutes more for the infantry men and women plus tanks to show up. Some people from the crowd of alien fans were trying to scream out not to fire on them. "Yoy don't know they want to hurt us. You'll start a war we can't win." 

But others yelled back in Opposition. "Blow them up. They don't have permission to be here. Don't by any crap about peace. You can't say they don't to kill us!" The officers did as they were ordered by their superiors. The officers took formation and aim at the craft. 

Just as the order to attack the craft came about, the craft began making a strange automated noise. The underside of the ship was beginning to lower. The inside portion of the hatch was built with stairs leading up to the shop and out. Beyond the stairs was a black void which seemed to show nothing. 

Officers were poised and ready, while feeling awkward and fearful as they never dealt with this before. It wasn't everyday an alien spacecraft showed up and out of nowhere. Everyone was in awe as they were expecting little green men or something other worldly to come out of the ship. It was anyone's guess. 
