Not Like Sisters

Author: unlucky

*000*2014-01-25 20:26

Hey, guys. I wrote this today, mostly for myself, and as a test. If there's positive feedback, I'll keep writing.

Chapter 1

Alexis--2:01 PM

We’re in Mrs. Park's 6th hour class. I really need to pee. I mean, I need to pee all the time... I have kind of a small bladder. But right now I have to go WAY WORSE than normal. I’m trying really hard not to wet myself, and also trying not to announce my desperation to the entire room. Sophie and Danni have already caught on, I can tell. They think they’re being subtle, but they’re not. The little perverts. I love them so much. Oh god, I gotta go. I could raise my hand and ask; she’d probably say yes. But I’m incurably shy. Anyway, there are like ten minutes left in class. Best to ride it out. I can make it. Probably.

Sophie--2:03 PM

Alexis is the cutest with her hands pressed between her legs like that. Like seriously. She’s adorbs. She’s been squirming and holding herself like that for half an hour. Part of me hopes that she can’t make it. I wanna see her give up and just soak herself on her chair. But it’d be great if she could hold it, so the three of us can have a little... fun... later. Oh, don’t act so surprised, the whole school probably knows anyway. Ever since that day we were all walking together and laughing, and some girl walked up to us. I remember, she said "I love the way you three are so close. You're like sisters." Danni frowned and looked at her. She said, "But that would make it incest." Me and Alexis kind of looked at each other in shock and then collapsed laughing. When we got up, the girl was gone. Um. So yeah, there’s that.

Alexis--2:06 PM

Oh god oh god oh god oh god. I’m starting to leak. I really don’t want to piss myself.

Danni--2:07 PM

Alexis just sat on her heel. She’s SO sexy when she needs to go. She might legit pee on herself. I'd die to see it. I’m normally the girl who has accidents, not Alexis. Well. Not really. They’re not really accidents. See, I really try, but I can never get to the point where I’m so desperate I might wet myself. Mostly because I just have zero self control. Whenever I need to go too bad, I rush to the bathroom, no matter how much I want to hold it. So... I have to fake it. When I feel like it, I pee on myself and pretend like I couldn’t hold it. Don’t tell anyone, OK?

Sophie--2:10 PM

The bell just rang, class is over. Alexis is rushing out of her seat, heading to the door. I exchange a naughty look with Danni and we each grab one of her arms. "Where are you going in such a hurry, 'Lex?" I ask her. She struggles and responds, "It’s not funny, guys!" She bites her lip, and continues in a quieter voice, "I seriously might not make it." I watch the small wet spot on her crotch grow ever so slightly in diameter.

Alexis--2:12 PM

They don’t say anything, but they don’t look like they’re gonna let me use the school bathroom. I stop struggling and walk out to the buses with one of them attached to each of my arms. The little nymphos are gonna make me wet my jeans. Simultaneously, I feel tears forming in my eyes and my panties getting wet with something that isn’t pee.

Danni--2:14 PM

The three of us take our usual seat on the bus home, but with Alexis in the middle this time. The poor girl looks like she’s about to cry. But she also looks like she’s about to pee on herself, and needless to say that’s what I decide to focus on. I look her in the eye, smirking. Then I graze the wet spot on her jeans with my index finger. She recoils in shock and the wet spot grows. My finger is shiny now, with Alexis’ pee. Before I know what I’m doing, it’s in my mouth. All three of us giggle.

Alexis--2:16 PM

Danni tastes my pee. I squeeze her butt. Sophie sniffs my crotch. I touch her chest. We spend the bus ride teasing each other when we’re sure no one is looking at us. All of us are left wanting a little more, so when I tell them that my parents are gone for the weekend, it’s unanimous that we all spend a few hours at my house.

Sophie--2:25 PM

We all got off the bus and walked to Alexis’ house, which isn’t that far from my house or Danni’s. I texted my parents that I wouldn’t be home for a few hours. Alexis unlocked the front door and SPRINTED to the bathroom. Danni and I sat outside it and listened to her pee. Her cute, pleasured sighs of relief coupled with the trickle of her stream finding its way into, and undoubtedly yellowing, the toilet water is unbearably sexy. I still wish she wet herself, but this is a fabulous consolation prize.

Danni--2:26 PM

Judging by how long she’s been peeing, that girl really couldn’t have waited another second. She finishes up and leaves without flushing or washing her hands. God, she’s filthy. As the door opens, Sophie and I are overwhelmed with the stench of pee, way stronger than it should be. Our eyes water. "No way, girl. What the hell!?" exclaims Sophie. Alexis grins. "I haven’t flushed in four days," she tells us. I take a long inhale, savoring the soured air. "So... you guys wanna go watch tv? And touch butts?" Alexis asks. Sophie and I nod excitedly. The three of us have a... special... friendship.

