Mortal

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2018-08-08 06:14

Author's Note:

I had the itch to write again and so I decided try something a little different from my usual fare. A slight twist on my past style rather than a direct improvement. I included the bucket list of tags because the story will eventually contain some of all of them, though not necessarily all at the same time and definitely not in every chapter.

As always please reply with any comments, suggestions, critiques, or even just to say "hi". Don't worry, you won't hurt my feelings.

Enjoy.

AS: Beginning at chapter I is highly recommended for plot and character reasons. Desperation begins in chapter II and wettings and peeing begin in chapter IV.

Chapter I: The Gods Gather

For the first time in centuries, the thirteen gods of the Pantheon gathered within the stone chamber known simply as The Round. Hidden away from the rest of the world within its own secret space only they could access. Around the perfect triskaidecagonal table they sat on throne like seats as soft as cushions, each manifested in their preferred mortal form. Not truly omniscient or omnipresent, most preferred to stay with their chosen people or country.

Starting clockwise from the head of the table they were:

Ori, the goddess of creation and nominal head of the Pantheon. She took the form of a human wearing a simple gown of pure white that left her shoulders bare. Her long blond hair fell in a gentle sheet down her back and obsidian jewelry brought out her dark eyes. She was the patron of the holy city Arabesque.

Marshall, the god of war. He also appeared human, garbed in the traditional military uniform of Kylon. The sand colored uniform and metallic trimmings were extremely out of place. With his tall barrel chested figure and sharp expressions he cultivated a domineering presence. He was the patron of the Free State of Kylon.

Skale, the god of judgement and justice. Unlike the others who took on forms of their own ideals, he looked the same way he did before ascending to godhood, a pudgy vampire with slick, perfectly combed hair a cape with a popped collar and pointed features. He was the patron of the vampiric races and the Nightland Estates.

Marina, the goddess of magic and knowledge. A hemi-aima with the large fluffy ears and tail of a cat, she was the slimmest of all the gods with a curvy body that looked even skinnier next to Skale’s bulk. She wore a green robe open revealing a blouse and skirt both covered with button sized magic circles. She was the patron of hemi-aimas and the oasis city Sanctuary.

Idyl, the goddess of youth and beauty. She was a modestly endowed angel with ice blue hair, pearly skin, and long silver wings that somehow managed to fold neatly behind her if she needed them to. Probably because magic. She liked to dress in flowing silks and spent most of her time in Arabesque.

Marks, the god of the sea and traders. He looked aged with chiseled features and a thick iron colored beard and mustache. His royal blue colored leather uniform rivaled Marshall’s. He was the patron of the port city Thuhpoynt and the commercial hub Ovthis.

Comfrey, the goddess of nature. She changed her apparent age frequently, but never her race or gender. She looked like a fairy with translucent moth wings the same chocolate brown as her hair which she braided elaborately in the shape of a flower with a single strand allowed to hang loose. Right now she was at her most frequent state, that of an adolescent. In her opinion the prime state where one is just old enough to be capable and still have the infinite possibilities of life ahead of them. She wore a thick traveling cloak and sturdy leather clothing.

Parley, the god of philosophy and mercy. An elven scholar with emerald eyes like others of his race. He liked to travel widely but often returned to the forest glades of Old Haven to take care of the elven race and convene with Mainur.

Mainur, the god of cunning. A drow with blue purple skin and pitch black hair. He controlled vast swathes of the Below, the network of underground passages, caves, and dwellings belonging to various races. He was the patron god all who lived in the Below and had a reputation for pulling grand elaborate schemes for his own amusement, often at the expense of others although he had a known soft spot for Parley with whom he often met with.

Twilight, the goddess of death. A vampire who dressed in a pitch black dress that left her arms and legs exposed. It was hot as hell where the Kingdom of the Dead was situated necessarily close to the genesis flame. She originally died close to adulthood and kept the same appearance.

Karma, the goddess of luck and inspiration. A human dressed in a bizarre mess of tattered jacket over a nice shirt and pants and roughed boots. She lounged back in her chair as she always did rhythmically flipping a coin in the air to see how many times in a row she could get tails. Of course she could guarantee it with divine power but that would ruin the point. She was patron of the city Opportunity.

Arkhein, the goddess of custom. She was an elf clad not in the more traditional loose fitting garb of her kin, but a fitted golden vest, belted white shorts, a flowing cape, and stylized elbow length gloves and knee high boots. Her sea green hair contained a gold ornament depicting a hydra. She was the patron of the Empire.

Jack, the god of craftsmen. He was more muscly that even Marshall though not quite so tall. His leather clothing had all sorts of pockets hidden everywhere containing a multitude of half finished projects. He was the patron of the Kaiser Industrial Zone and Ori’s right hand man.

“Sorry, sorry.” Arkhein appeared and gracefully took her seat. “I had an issue to take care of.”

“That’s quite alright, we haven’t been waiting long.” Ori smiled at her before looking pointedly at Skale. “You were the one who convened this gathering, correct?”

“Indeed.” Skale nodded gravely. “I believe the time has come for an accounting.”

An accounting was when all the gods of the pantheon discussed the other gods of realm and decide for each one if they had done something worth pantheon intervention. Most of these gods such as Ordan the god of time, Zenith the god of the sky, and Miros the god of sea contented themselves with maintaining the laws over which they had been given dominion and never interfered with the mortal world. But there times when even these gods had to be brought in line such as when Miros began flooding the eastern shores or whenever the rogue god Dester tried to destroy the world.

Skale waved his hands, a glass of vibrantly pink liquid appeared in front of each of them. “...and I’ve recently been made aware of this drink I think we all should try.”

PS: If my chapters seem short, its because I break a new chapter approximately every 1000 words or so.

*002*2018-08-08 06:32

Chapter II: The Accounting

The gods looked around at each other or stared at their cup in apparent bewilderment. Skale lifted his glass and took a sip. He smacked his lips before declaring, “hm, not bad!” and draining the rest. The other gods followed his lead and drank down their own cups.

Marshall lead off. He was one of the gods with the fewest charges to observe and didn’t have much to say. Ori felt like something was off, but she couldn’t put her finger on what it was. Nothing Marshall said was out of the ordinary and he finished quickly as per usual.

Mainur was the next to go. Millennia had obviously done nothing to curb his flair for dramatic embellishment and it didn’t help that he had a large of charges, second only to Comfrey. As he dragged on, Ori realized what it was that was disturbing her. Her bladder was feeling quite full. And that was something that should have been impossible on multiple levels.

She was a god. Her body was merely a cosmetic manifestation of her divine power. But as she probed deeper she was alarmed to discover many familiar sensations she had lost so many millennia ago. The beating of her heart for one. Smell, touch. She couldn’t just know about things anymore, she had to observe them.

And she couldn’t get rid of that nagging sensation gnawing at her attention. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat, the crossing of her legs hidden from sight by the table top.

There two cardinal rules of The Round that not even they could change. While within The Round their perception of anything outside would be cut off. This was to force them to focus on the issues at hand. While within the round, their powers would be limited in scope to only themselves and whatever they personally created. This was to prevent conflicts from becoming too violent and destructive.

Ori wondered if anything was happening to the others as well. The second cardinal rule prevented her from contacting any of them privately. She could however detect fluctuations in their auras. Every magic user had an aura and the gods had the strongest ones of all known entities. But she didn’t notice any change, even in her own.

It wasn’t just Ori. Marina, Idyl, Comfrey, Twilight, Karma, Arkhein, they were all experiencing the same sensations. But none of them spoke up. To admit that something like this was happening to them against their will was tantamount to admitting they weren’t a god. And the only thing keeping the Pantheon together was unity forged from knowing the majority would enforce its will on the minority.

Ori would not give up her seat. She was quite often the difference maker. If she wasn’t here, Marshall would have long since been at Arkhein’s throat with the others unable or unwilling to stop him. If she wasn’t here, Skale would still be in conflict with Mainur and by extension Parley. She wielded influence as a weapon. But to use that weapon, she needed her godhood.

Likewise the others were unwilling to admit weakness and step down. What would become of their domain?

And so they suffered in silence as everyone took their turn to report.

Unfortunately for Comfrey she had by far the most to report on for the accounting. Not only did she have the more specialized minor gods to report on but also beings who were powerful but not quite god level like the spirits, certain elementals, and fairies.

At first she was fine. Well, not truly fine, but well off enough to rattle off her report in a quick, concise, and not too rapid pace. She quickly found however that her plight was growing worse rapidly at rate far too quick to be natural. Even the fact she needed to pee in the first place was unnatural. With everyone’s eyes on her she resisted the urge to squirm although she couldn’t help shifting side to side in her seat ever so slightly and rapidly twisting her hands in her lap.

Finally she reached the end and allowed herself a quick squeeze between the legs as everyone looked around to see who would be the next to go. Twilight hurriedly took the initiative and went through her rather short list of charges.

One by one the goddesses rushed through their shares intent on bringing the accounting to an end as quickly as possible and excusing themselves. But when they finished Marks, Parley, Jack, and Skale still had yet to take their turns. Jack in particular had a lot of minor gods to monitor as the god of craftsmen.

*003*2018-08-08 06:46

Chapter III: Coming to a Head

Comfrey was the worst off of the goddesses. She had begun actively pedaling somewhere in the middle of Ori’s turn and permanently crossed her legs by Karma’s. Her right hand lay across her lap covering her left which was pressing hard against her crotch to help keep her need bearable as she quivered almost imperceptibly. She was still slowly dribbling into her panties every so often and could only pray that it wouldn’t get any worse.

Twilight was only slightly better than Comfrey. She had her feet slightly spread, feet pointed towards each other as she pressed her thighs together. One hand lay casually on the arm of her chair the other cupping her belly as she jammed the heel between her legs. She was shaking, but not noticeably so.

Marina had on her studious face, the perfectly neutral expression she used whenever listening to someone who clearly did not know what they were talking about but was under the false impression that they did. As goddess of knowledge and magic, that tended to happen a lot. Only her constantly flicking tail which she had curled over her lap to hide her hands gave any indication of how badly she was doing.

Idyl scissored her legs rapidly. Her garments would only draw more attention if she allowed herself to move too much so she could only rely on her lower body to fend for itself which it was doing admirably so far.

Arkhein did not so much as react. She was a goddess. Even if she couldn’t make the problem go away, she could deal with it. At least that was her mentality, reality had a way of rudely asserting itself. Still she refused to give in to her instincts instead relying solely on her abdominal muscles.

Ori had briefly tried to hoist her foot onto the seat but her gown made it impossible. Instead she shifted her weight around in her seat trying both find a comfortable position and maintain her usual air of serenity.

Karma was lucky enough to be doing the best.

It happened during Jack’s turn. Comfrey did her very best to remain subtle but after several spurts her undergarments were feeling very wet and she was teetering on a knife’s edge. She bit back a gasp and openly squirmed as she clamped down on a slow leak that she was almost certain made it through to her pants. A couple people looked at her and Comfrey smiled back, cheeks tinged pink from exertion. She pointedly waved, clenching all her muscles as tight as she could to hold back.

“Is something wrong?” asked Jack who paused in the middle of his report at the odd occurrence and looked over in concern.

“No, n-nothing’s wrong.” Comfrey spasmed but managed to keep her upper body relatively calm.

Jack was about to continue when Skale interrupted him by standing. Skale grinned widely displaying his prominent fangs in a very disturbing expression that he had never shown before.

“I think it’s time to end this charade and explain to you all why I really asked you to come today.”

The vampire spread his arms wide.

“Today the world changes. Today I am king of the world and none of you will stop me.”

“You’re out of your mind!” Ori glared at Skale from her seat.

“I disagree,” Skale replied seriously. “Judgment is enforcing justice, but let me ask you, what is justice?”

That brought them pause. The goddesses needed to put too much focus on maintaining their dignities to properly consider the question but the other gods appeared to be putting in serious thought.

“Is not justice the idea of what is fair?” replied Parley finally.

“Exactly.” Skale nodded. “But who decides what’s fair? Who gave the Pantheon the right to lord over the rest of the world? Who gave the Pantheon the right to prevent individual members from doing what they wish?”

Skale slammed his fist down on the table.

“Well no more. Today my word is law. If you disagree then stand up and face me.”

Jack, Marks, and Parley leapt to their feet. None of the goddesses did and neither did Marshal and Mainur who remained seated calmly.

Arkhein was the first of the goddesses to her feet gingerly bringing herself upright. Another spurt escaped into her undergarments but she clamped down, squeezing with all her might to hold back the flood threatening to ruin her pride as an elf, as a goddess, and in herself.

Karma was the next up, leaning forwards at the waist and bracing herself against the table.

Ori was the last to stand, gracefully rising to her feet but quickly had to jam a hand between her legs as she crossed her feet, the other arm resting across to conceal her deed.

Idyl and Marina tried to stand, but almost lost it immediately. Comfrey and Twilight didn’t even try.

Jack frowned deeply. “Are you all really okay with this Are you not going to stand against him?”

“They can’t.” Skale cackled before pointedy regarding Ori, Arkhein, and Karma coolly. “Frankly I’m amazed the three of you could.”

Arkhein stared back at him levelly, but her lower body was quivering, digging into her last reserves of strength and endurance. Karma merely raised an eyebrow at Skale while Ori shuddered before managing to regain her composure again.

“You see,” Skale continued now addressing Jack, Marks, and Parley. “They’ve been neutered, subject to mortal failings, disgraces, and humiliations.” He leered. “I wonder how pristine their undergarments are.”

All of the goddesses immediately flushed. Not one of them was dry.

“You monster.” Marks glared at Skale.

“Ah, but you see. I make the rules now. And I have decided that I don’t care for any of them. Their case is hopeless. Thus I have decided to punish them.”

“But how?”

“How?” Skale chuckled. “A little creation I made thanks to my own ingenuity and help from Mainur which they willingly ingested.”

“You went along with this, Mainur?!” demanded Parley.

Mainur shrugged. “I don’t wholly disagree with Skale. You need to join us Parley if you don’t want feel the wrath.”

Parley sighed and sat back down. “Then I guess I have no choice.”

Skale grinned mockingly at Marks and Jack. “It has already been decided. Come join us before I make you. After all, its just the two of you remaining.” He glanced pointedly at Ori who was trying very hard not to let her tiny steps rustle her gown, Karma who finally had to give herself a momentary squeeze, and Arkhein who try as she might was slowly caving under the pressure and glued her legs together in an attempt to buy her overtaxed muscles some support.

Marks stayed silent, glaring darkly at Skale but made no reply. Jack on the other hand smirked and pulled out some sort of cylinder covered in magical engravings.

“You’re not the only one with tricks.”

The device emitted a huge burst of light and deafening roar.

*004*2018-08-08 13:53

Chapter IV: Fall From Grace

One moment Comfrey was sitting her stone seat struggling to keep her leaking slow enough to not be visible, the next she was standing in the middle of clearing in the forest surrounded by spirits and other fairies. She whimpered, dancing frantically and ineffectually as her leak worsened. She needed to take her hands off to remove her clothing, but the moment she let go, she let go. Her bladder emptied itself completely soaking her pants, boots, and even the hem of cloak and turning the ground muddy. Tears of shame glittered on her face, but at the same time she was glad to just be over with the ordeal.

After she finally finished and hiccoughed herself back to seriousness, she tried to remove the offending stains and then realized she couldn’t. With a weary sigh she approached a nearby fairy who was still staring at her in shock to ask where she could get a change of clothes.

Arkhein wasn’t alone when she appeared on the top of one of the towers of the Imperial Fortress, the seat of governance. Karma was also there immediately ripping down her pants as she started peeing even before her clothes were fully out of the way. The relief she felt was absolutely divine.

But the sound was doing no favors for Arkhein. The elf tried to hold herself shut with both hands, boots clattering against the roof as she bobbed and stepped. There was a wet spot on her shorts and it was only getting bigger. She managed to rip off her belt and only her belt before her shorts filled with piss. She openly sobbed knowing there was nothing she could do. She could only hope no one was there to watch her.

Twilight disliked the Kingdom of the Dead on a good day and she had experienced some truly awful days, but showing up in the middle of the Hall of Generals while a meeting was in full swing and trying desperately not to wet herself really took the cake. Especially since she showed up on the meeting table and they all recognized her.

She tried to flee, but could barely mince her way to edge of the table where she lost a spurt planting her rear on the tabletop before ever so carefully swinging her legs over the side. Her undergarments were wet, very wet, and so were her hands.

“You should still be wearing black, little girl.” One of the vampire generals Twilight really didn’t like taunted her.

Twilight blushed deep crimson. Evidently her underwear was on display when she appeared standing on the meeting table. In vampire culture, one started out in black undergarments, switched to light gray after completing potty training, and then to pure white upon reaching adulthood.

Normally Twilight would make some sort of snappy retort and put him in his place, but right now she didn’t have the capability and was quite preoccupied with other matters. She ducked out of the meeting hall and stumbled. Rivulets of pee trailed down her legs as she curtsied. She took a step and then had to curtsy again.

Footsteps approached from behind her, probably some of the generals come to see what she was up to. Twilight labored forwards eventually ducking into a room. Servants of different races turned to look at the vampire in surprise as she staggered a few more feet leaving a trail of pee in her wake before collapsing to her knees shaking like a leaf as piss flowed of her leaving a sopping puddle that almost reached the door.

Idyl flapped her wings and immediately regretted it. The sudden jolt nearly caused her to completely lose control immediately. She hopped in circles, hands firmly wedged between her legs as she fought to contain the ocean distending her normally flat belly.

Nearby Marina was also dancing with herself. The front of her skirt was hiked up as she plunged a hand into her panties to hold herself closed. Her tail waved back and forth curling in agitation. She cast a frantic glance at Ori.

Ori knew they were in Arabesque, her holy city. That much was clear from the modern curving architecture and vibrantly colored buildings. But exactly where they were in Arabesque was not something she could put her finger on just yet.

And her bladder wasn’t helping matters. Ori was prancing herself, skipping from foot to foot as she tried to think of a solution, any solution. Her grip tightened as another spurt slipped past her defenses and causing a minuscule wet patch on the front of her gown.

With a high pitched mewl, Marina sank to her heel shuddering violently. She managed to rise again a few seconds later, sweat dripping from her face as she panted heavily.

“I can’t hold it any longer!” she cried turning pleading eyes to Ori. “Is there anything we can do?”

Ori racked her brain, but she didn’t know. They couldn’t risk going on in public in their current states but every second they wasted here was another second ticking towards their inevitable failure.

“I don’t know,” she admitted. Ori rocked frantically but the wet spot on her gown grew larger as yet another spurt escaped her grasp.

“I got it!” Idyl’s wings flared as she hunched over for a moment. “That building right there. I think Fern mentioned it.”

Ori really wanted to ask who Fern was. However, she didn’t have time for that. She raced across the street into what appeared to be some sort of lobby area where she beelined for the restroom. Only after she made it into a stall did it occur to Ori just how difficult it would be to get her gown up.

She managed it, somehow. But she didn’t save her panties or the patch of floor around her feet although she did manage to get most of it in the toilet.

*007*2018-08-24 07:42

Author's Note:

I've actually had a couple more chapters done, but I've been working on incorporating custom xparam functions into GTSB. And I still have to rebuild all my menus. Ugh.

Enjoy.

Chapter V: Moving Forward

Ori emerged with only a small wet patch on the front of her gown where she had been holding herself. Idyl who emerged from the next stall over had a platter sized wet spot on her front and her bottom was completely soaked. After all she’d had no opportunity to try to move her clothing out of the way before sitting down.

“Can you get me a new set of clothing?” Idyl asked blushing as she studied her reflection in the mirror over the sink.

“I don’t really want to go outside like this.” Ori gestured to her own wet patch. “What happened to Marina?”

“Wasn’t she with us?” asked Idyl looking around the restroom.

The door opened and Marina forced her way in a bulk of shopping bags hanging from each arm. Her legs still glistened with pee stains and her shoes squelched very wetly.

“You didn’t go out like that did you?” asked Idyl in disbelief.

“Of course not.” Marina’s ears pricked as she stared at Idyl.

“Then how did you go shopping?” asked Ori.

“I didn’t.” Marina picked her way carefully to a dry spot in the corner and set the bags down. She gestured to one of the magic circles inscribed on the collar of her robe. “I used a message spell to contact the local Pastor to get him to buy clothes for us.”

“I thought you needed a phone to do that.”

“You don’t.” Marina pawed through one of the bags and emerged with a one size fits set of very lacy undergarments. “It just makes it easier. I think these are meant for you.” She handed the package to Idyl.

“You got clothes for all of us?”

“Of course.”

Marina had gotten them decidedly less conspicuous outfits. Of her original outfit she kept only the blouse emerging with a new skirt and tennis shoes. Ori got a t-shirt and jeans while Idyl got a fashionable dress and cardigan.

“Victor!” Marina approached the sharp suited man waiting for them when they exited the restroom and gave him a big hug. “Thank you so much!”

“As if I could possibly refuse my goddess’s will.” But he chuckled and smiled warmly, bald head glinting slightly with the sun pouring through one of the large glass windows.

“But where’s Willow?”

“My wife… had a bit of an incident.” Victor looked towards Ori and Idyl who were watching them in various states of confusion. “She’ll be joining us soon. Who are they?”

Marina’s tail flicked with amusement. “They are Ori and Idyl.”

“Oh.” Victor bowed low. “Pray forgive my rudeness. I hope you are pleased with my selections.”

“They are fine,” replied Ori.

“And no harm done,” added Idyl with a wink.

“Yes, well.” Victor straightened again fixing his tie. “We should go to my house. I have made arrangements with Arche and Hayward.”

“Not to the local colleges?” asked Idyl.

Marina shook her head. “We need somewhere private.”

“We do have much to discuss.” Ori nodded approvingly. “A good plan for now.”

A black sedan waited for them parked at the curb. Everyone piled in but instead of driving off, Victor pressed his palm against the center of the steering wheel. With a flash of light their surroundings changed to the inside of a large two car garage. The other side of the garage didn’t contain a vehicle but all sorts of supplies, implements, and some sort of project on top of an outspread tarp.

Victor sighed as he looked at the half finished project and glowing magic circles and mana lines. “I keep telling them to clean up after themselves.”

“What is that?”

“Lily and her boyfriend are building a perpetual motion device for their college application.”

“But… that’s impossible even with magic.” Marina frowned.

Victor burst into raucous laughter. “That’s what I told them but they didn’t believe me.”

“I can’t believe Lily’s already twenty.”

“Nineteen, she skipped a grade. You’ve never seen her have you?”

Marina shook her head sadly. “It feels like only yesterday I was watching you and Willow get married.”

“The happiest day of my life,” mused Victor. “Twenty-two years must feel like nothing to an immortal.”

He led the way into a very modern home with glass and steel furniture. A very pretty fairy with lush blonde hair and blue butterfly wings wearing an apron over her dress greeted them as they came down the stairs. Victor briefly swept his wife into his arms with a kiss before allowing her to lead them through to the dining room.

There were two young people, a fairy and hemi-aima seated at one end of the table, a giant sheet of paper spread between them as they sketched from either end.

“Hi!” The fairy looked up with a bright smile. Lily looked like a younger version of her mother Willow but with darker wings and her father’s brown eyes. The hemi-aima raised a hand in greeting, not even looking up as he continued to draw.

The doorbell rang. Willow excused herself. “That must be Hayward.”

With seven people, the master bedroom was quite crowded but also private. Willow entered the room after Victor had led the goddesses in with a hemi-aima and middle aged man in tow. The middle aged man had white hair and a square jaw. The hemi-aima had the ears and tail of a fox. She was dressed in leather work clothes and a monocle that made her eye look comically large.

*010*2018-08-24 17:09

Author's Note:

@tenck5k Lol, that's one way to wake up in the morning.

Warning: This chapter is plot. There's more omo content in chapter VII:

Chapter VI: Questions and Answers

“So you’re just like us again?” summed up Arche.

“Yes,” nodded Ori glumly.

“Not necessarily.” Marina rubbed at her chin thoughtfully. “What do you know about gods?”

“They’re… gods. Eternal, powerful, divine.” Victor shook his head frowning. “But if what you’re saying is true, that you all were once mortal, then clearly there must be more to it.”

“Aren’t they powered by the belief of their followers?” asked Willow. “Godly intervention tends to happen more during times of strong religious tendencies.”

“And that notion is wrong though I could see why people might think that. No, godly intervention increases because that is when it is needed most to deal with false prophets and crush those abusing our names.” Marina paced as she spoke rapidly. “Are all of you familiar with the Magical Model of Creatures?”

Everyone except Idyl and Arche nodded their heads.

“According to the Planar Model, there exist at least three planes. The genesis flame, the Kingdom of the Dead, and the mortal world. Most people seem to think that gods and immortals also exist on a different plane called the divine plane. They’re wrong.

Everything draws its existence from the genesis flame. It is theorized to be an infinite well of limitless mana. It is suspected the reason the Kingdom of the Dead is so hot is because it is saturated with energy from the genesis flame because it is closer than the mortal plane.

All living things have a physical body to house their portion of the genesis flame. When the physical body dies, the flame goes to the Kingdom of the Dead where it is given new life or stays. If a living thing accumulates enough of the genesis flame, its physical body will be rejuvenated by the mana bleed off. This is why magic users tend to live slightly longer. And if one accumulates enough of the genesis flame then it will keep the physical body at its peak forever.

This is immortality. Magic sustaining the body. But of course an immortal can still be killed by destroying its physical body.”

Marina paused and frowned laying a hand against her belly. She was conscious of her bladder filling again. It wasn’t bad, but she had used the restroom recently. Even if she was mortal again, she shouldn’t need the restroom so soon again, right?

“But there’s something more that makes us goddesses than just having a lot of magic.” Ori placed her hands on her hips as she thought aloud. “Not all of us started with lots of magic.”

“But all of us have a lot of magic now.” Marina refocused on her explanation. “A god is truly immortal because their existence is tied not to magic and a physical body, but to magic and an idea or concept. We can’t be killed unless our magic or idea is completely destroyed.”

“So what you’re saying is… he can’t kill us. So what DID he do to us then?”

Marina’s ears and tail flicked in annoyance as she pulled at her hair in frustration. “I don’t know. I need to do more research. It seems like our magic has been sealed using our bodies as a vessel. But how do you even do that?!”

“Um,” Idyl shifted on her perch on the side of the bed. “That doesn’t explain how he changed our bodies.”

“That’s much easier,” replied Victor. “Even I could probably modify a person’s body with magic. It would just take longer than I have to live.”

Everyone turned to stare at him for a few moments before Arche interrupted plaintively. “This is interesting and all, but what are Hayward and I here for?” She was fidgeting slightly and lay a hand on her lower belly. “And I’m sorry, but I really need to use the restroom.”

“I’m sure we could all do with a break.” Ori looked towards Victor, deferring the next action to him.

“Willow?” Victor passed the responsibility of playing host on to his wife. Willow smiled pleasantly and took Arche by the arm as she took her outside to show her to the restroom.

“Do you mind if I go next?” asked Marina sitting down next to Ori and squeezing her thighs together.

“You need to go again?” asked Victor in surprise.

Marina blushed slightly and nodded her head.

“It’s not just you.” Ori patted Marina’s shoulder.

“Unfortunately.” Idyl looked beautiful even when she was pouting. Her expression turned musing. “I wonder what the others are doing?”

Once everyone had a crack at the restroom, Marina laid out her plan. “We need to do more research, see what we need to do to reverse Skale’s magic. And then we need the equipment to do it. I asked Victor to invite Hayward and Arche over because I think we need to get in touch with Jack.” She turned to Hayward. “You do have a way to get in touch with Jack, right?”

“Of course. Do you want me to contact him now?”

“Yes, please.”

Hayward and Arche were about to leave when Ori suddenly stood up. “Wait. If Skale can’t actually kill us, then don’t you think he still has plans for us?”

“Like what?” asked Idyl.

“When we were in The Round, he had us in the palm of his hand. Now if it were just Skale, he might ignore us now that our powers have been clipped, but Mainur and Marshall won’t. Mainur will want to know exactly where we are and what we’re doing and Marshall will want to capture us. You know how he collects powerful specimens. And now that no one will stop him, Kylon will go after the Empire.”

“So if Arkhein is there, she’ll be in danger.”

“There’s no if. If Jack used the enchantments I gave him, then that device will have put us back wherever our holy ground is. She is in the Empire and she is in danger.”

“Wait, if everyone went back to their holy city, then why are you here and not in Oasis?”

“That’s… a good question. Could be a bug in, ahem, feature of Jack’s device.”

*011*2018-08-24 18:02

Chapter VII: Unfortunate Circumstances

Most of the time Caroline liked fights. Mostly because she always won. Between her and her partner Emmy, the “Blood Blossoms” had already had more than their fair share of beating people up, usually arrogant pricks who made them out as easy pick ups to take home for the night or to add to their collections. Caroline liked to tease them, goad them, insult them, and then beat them up if they took the bait.

But right now was not a good time. Caroline was trying out a new bar. The drinks weren’t bad and she’d had quite a few. The problem was that while she was putting off her trip to the restroom in order to keep trading jibes with the rather rough looking man sitting next to her, a party of other big tough looking men surrounded them boxing them in. They were acting casual, but Caroline could tell from their glances and postures that they were targeting her.

She cursed mentally. There was no room to maneuver. This had never happened before. At their usual bar they’d been targeted by groups before, but they hung in loose clusters to prevent them from escaping. Now though she couldn’t so much as swivel her stool without hitting one of them.

Since her usual standby of just beat ‘em up wouldn’t work, Caroline needed a new plan. Her drinking partner didn’t act surprised so either they were his men or he didn’t notice. Caroline reached into her purse and crumpled a slip of paper. It looked like she was casually crumpling some old paper she happened to still have in there, but it was really a talisman. Now Emmy would know she needed help and where.

The man bought them another round of drinks. For the first time that night, the man finished his drink first and he gave a challenging grin. Caroline frowned in annoyance. She never lost at drinking contests. Still this might be a good time to try a ploy.

“Again.” Caroline slapped the bar top before raising her hand slightly. “But first I gotta hit the ladies.” She turned away but was immediately restrained by one of the tough looking men.

“What’s the deal man?” complained her drinking partner.

“None of your business scruffy. Just sit tight. The boss is coming.”

“The boss?”

“Yeah.” One of her restrainers brandished a shattered bone tattoo in her face. It looked vaguely familiar. “We’re Splitters. Word is you wrecked Warren last night.”

“Can’t say I remember. I had a lot to drink.” Caroline shrugged dramatically. “I don’t suppose you could move? I really do need the restroom.”

“Not a chance girly. Hey you. Shove off.”

Caroline’s drinking partner looked outraged, but he didn’t argue and instead walked off in a huff. The one that appeared to be the leader of the gang members locking her in sat down. He looked distinctly middle aged with scars up and down hair arms and a bit of a belly. No sooner had he sat down than he immediately got a message from a runner who barged into the bar.

“Well that’s unfortunate.” The man sighed. “He doesn’t mind if I get a few drinks does he?”

“Probably not,” replied the runner before leaving.

Caroline shifted in her seat. Her bladder was uncomfortably full and it was only getting fuller by the second. Hopefully Emmy would get here soon. Based on what the man said, it sounded like the boss was delayed, maybe she would get here before him.

She tried to sit still, to play it cool. Caroline was about to cross her legs, but instinct got the better of her. Making it more difficult for her to move quickly was not a good idea. Not that moving quickly was a good idea in her state.

“Here, have a drink.”

The barkeep refilled Caroline’s beer at the man’s behest but didn’t reach for it. She didn’t, at least, until the man glanced at it significantly and something pressed against her back. Probably wand even though carrying a weapon of any kind was illegal.

Caroline downed the beer and failed to repress a shudder. She pressed her thighs together. A spurt escaped into her underwear and a grimace flashed across her studiously disinterested face. That was just a warning, the ocean within only growing with each passing moment.

Another refill. Caroline started to panic. She could barely hold back as it was relying entirely on her groin muscles. Still, she downed the drink. To do otherwise would only invite worse on top of still having to drink.

Sitting still was no longer an option. Caroline twisted in her seat and began wiggling her hips side to side slightly hoping the man wouldn’t notice. But of course he did, he was watching her after all.

“What’s the matter? Can’t handle a few drinks?”

Caroline glared back. On top of her drinks from earlier, she was beginning to feel a little bit of a buzz even with her high alcohol tolerance.

“Of course I can,” she spat back and instantly regretted it.

The man grinned sinisterly and had the barkeep pour both of them drinks. And then again. Caroline jerked as another spurt escaped and clenched tightly. A short gasp passed her gritted teeth and barely parted lips.

She tried everything she could think of to appear disinterested and bored. She twirled her hair swiveling her stool back and forth. One of her legs crooked at the knee as she propped her foot against the mount. Her free hand lying across her lap clenched and unclenched as she pressed her thighs together.

Caroline spasmed violently as she started leaking into her underwear. After a flurry of movement she settled in a precarious position half out of her seat leaning heavily against the bar with her hips cocked. But the leak only slowed and as wetness graced her inner thigh she was forced to give herself a sharp squeeze between the legs.

“Aw, the widdle girl can’t hold her pee.”

Caroline glared at the man. She kept repeating over and over to herself that Emmy would arrive soon. Everything would be fine as long as she could hold out until her friend arrived. She managed to keep her leaking to a minimum, nothing major enough to show unless she removed her hand. But as she writhed in her seat trying to pin her tired muscles closed with her fingers, it happened.

Every muscle in Caroline’s body tightened as she desperately threw everything she had into holding her dam closed. But her tired sphincter wouldn’t respond and try as she might, her fingers just couldn’t substitute.

Her clothing was soaked by the torrent of piss that flooded her from the waist down, cascading in waterfalls down to the floor with a disheartening splashing sound. Each splatter was another knife in Caroline’s heart, another reminder that she was indeed wetting herself and that there was nothing she could do to stop it.

*012*2018-08-24 18:57

Chapter VIII: Call of Duty

Caroline had never felt so helpless in her life as she did listening to the men around her laughing raucously as she sat in her now drenched clothing. The men didn’t calm down for a long time either, continuously throwing taunts and jeers.

Tears welled in Caroline’s eyes, but she blinked them away. Even if she couldn’t keep her dignity, she could at least keep her tough as nails attitude. That, she thought to herself vindictively, would be a small win for her if she could make it seem like it didn’t get to her.

She felt sore, completely worn out. She began to recover somewhat as time continued to pass, but so too did a familiar feeling. With a sinking heart, she noticed that her bladder was filling again. Probably the remains of the drinks still working their way through her. Caroline didn’t even want to consider the possibility of a second accident.

The door to the bar burst open. A woman burst in through the door with a tremendous bang. The door rammed the wall so hard the door handle left its indent in the wood. The woman standing in the door had shoulder length hair and wore a loose fitting dress. One of her hands held a waist high walking stick.

Caroline had never been so glad to see her partner Emmy. More importantly, this was Caroline’s moment. All of her captors had turned to look at the commotion and Caroline intended to take maximum advantage of this opportunity.

It was only for a split second, but Caroline had already knocked out the leader with a surprise uppercut to the jaw. She stomped on the foot of the person behind him and launched herself onto the bar. As the others made their moves to come after her she snap kicked another one to the face before launching herself over the encirclement.

Emmy had already lunged forward the moment she had ascertained the situation. She reached for the top of her walking stick with her left hand and twisted as she came to an abrupt stop. The walking stick flashed like a sword being drawn hitting the back of one of the men with a resounding thwack hard enough to launch him bodily onto the bar.

All of the men were taken out by the Blood Blossoms. All except one. The unfortunate soul slipped in the puddle from Caroline’s accident and knocked himself out by hitting his head on the nearest table.

“What do you mean we have a job?”

Caroline pulled out a clean shirt, a skirt, and a new set of underwear. The Blood Blossoms had gone straight to her place after the fight so she could change. She had just pulled out the last article of clothing when a sharp stinging sensation between her legs caused her to bob. Even so, a few drops escaped her still recovering muscles. She quickly fled into the restroom.

“I’m not exactly sure what it is, but it pays well.” Emmy twirled her walking stick. “One of my friends from college told me about it. It’s some sort of escort mission.” She stopped twirling her walking stick and pointed it towards Caroline in an accusatory manner. “And you’re going to tell me what that entire mess was about.”

