Romance turned wet

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-01-15 01:48

It was 10 pm on a Saturday before the week of finals and regents exams. It was also prom night and many students were returning home. Two such students were Ginger Greenfield and June Tipton. Ginger and June met each other during a crisis involving the girl's bathroom in the cafeteria at Nolan James High School (Please see Bursting School Day Bladders).

Since that Thursday of April, their relationship budded quickly into relationship that went from friends to dating buddies. But now, they were experimenting as they tried kissing and hugging. Tonight, one of them would try to take things one step further. They just arrived back home from the prom and inside a cab car.

They got out of the car wearing casual clothes, not fancy dresses and shoes. Some pictures below will illustrate. For Ginger, she wore:

As for June, she wore this:

The dress code wasn't as strict this year but June wore the most revealing the school would allow. June paid the cab driver and ran over to the front door. Ginger wnjoyed the whole evening but was prepared to say her good-byes. She seemed a little odd as she walked gingerly behind June.

During the ride home, she shifted her feet every so often, and would stare outside the window. Perhaps, she longed to be home or was bothered by something. At times, she did shake her foot a little. But as for now, she followed behind June. She did keep her legs close together. Her steps were small and strides mild in speed.

June turned around to see her Ginger approach her. Once she met up with June, June began talking. "So tonight was amazing but I don't want it to end.". Ginger looked at June for a few seconds, who expressed a smile of desire. "What else should we do June? It's getting late and my parents will ask about me." Ginger replied.

"Don't worry about them. I asked them if you could saty overnight here. Your parents said it was fine." June replied. Ginger wasn't sure about any of this. She didn't know her friend would go behind her back like this. "June this is last minute. I don't have any clothes or sleeping bag.". But June tried to console her by putting her hands on her arms gently.

"Ging I like you a lot and I want to spend more time with you. We don't get much chances either school and work. Plus, I want to take our relationship to the next level like we talked about doing. And this is the only chance to do it. My parents are away and yours are okay with the overnight sleepover. I don't want the night to end yet. Please stay." June said longingly.

Ginger stood there with one leg in front of the other. She knew they would want to make out or do sex but she didn't realize it was this soon. And besides she wasn't ready for sex. "June I-I'm not ready for sex or-" but Ginger was cut short by June. "Ging you silly girl I was talking about making out. You know kissing and hugging. I want that you silly girl."

Ginger wasn't ready for anything intimate but she did want to try kissing her mate. And besides, this might be the only time to enjoy this kind of aloneness. "Okay June, I will stay the night and try making out. But we should set some boundaries to respect the other." June was always willing to set a few boundaries withing reason. "No problem. I too don't want to be kissed in certain areas."

June and Ginger went inside, making their way across June's house. June walked over to the kitchen and June asked "Is there anything you want to drink or eat for snacks. I'm loaded!". She asked with a fiesty smile. Ginger chuckled a bit. "I'll have a soda and some oreos." Ginger watched as June prepared their snacks and drinks for desert. They weren't interested in the snacks at prom.

June danced a little thinking of the song at prom. Ginger was doing one of her own. She bounced up and down ever so slightly but every couple of seconds. Something was making itself known on top of her excitement about making out. June noticed this and smiled while squinting her eyes. She thought it was weird. Ginger felt a little blush her June noticed her fidgeting.

*001*2023-01-15 03:32

Hopefully someone checks out my post "Adult life and video games" in off-topic discussion.

*002*2023-01-15 22:04

After they began their snacking, they talked a little and watched some television. It was 10:40 pm and Ginger felt a little tired. But the whole time they spent so far, Ginger was distracted elsewhere. She shifted in her seat and shook her right foot perched on top of her left leg. She often looked to her right hoping something would turn up.

At one point, June asked if there was something Ginger wanted. Ginger, being polite and shy, responded passively so as not to ruin the evening. Nothing. It's nothing. I'm fine." Ginger seemed worried inside and she kept her left hand near her crotch. For what reason was beyond June. At 10:40 pm, June shut off the television, took Ginger's hand, and led her outside.

Ginger was perplexed by this motion to the backyard. June smiled and asked "You ready for some ..... 'us' time?". The "us" was mentioned in air quotes. Ginger, scrunching her toes and keeping her right leg wrapped around the other leg, nervously replied with a smile. "Of course. Why wouldn't I be?". June slowly approached Ginger, ever so gently sliding her arms around Ginger's waist into a hug.

Ginger felt giddy and nervous as did June. June smiled back at Ginger who smiled back and giggled. After a few seconds of staring, June moved in closer ever so slowly so as not to scare Ginger. Ginger awaited June's kiss as she tilted her head. Then, it happened. First contact! Then it was done. And again, another kiss and another and another until they were making out.

Ginger embraced her partner as well and while Ginger seemed a little stiff, June was kissing her repeatedly. They already talked about boundaries, such as no genital kissing and not all over the body. So everything was hashed out before making out. They did this before watching television too. Back to the making out.

June was feeling a little more bold as she moved her hands all over Ginger's back side of her torso. Ginger moved a little bit but she seemed to bob up and down a little and had to stop kissing every so often. Then returned to kissing. She moved her right foot a little bit, sliding on the concrete ground of the patio tiles. June was lovingly kissing her partner on her lips, then moving to the cheek, and her neck.

For a while, Ginger was enjoying the pleasant wave after wave of kisses on her neck. Ginger was still distracted by all this. May be she didn't want to do it anymore or was this uncomfortable, or may be something else. She began to rock back and forth while standing on her left leg perched vertically straight. Her right leg was more bent and not as much of her body weight put upon it.

She whimpered a bit trying to enjoy the kissing but also distracted. Then suddenly, Ginger whimpered loudly. "Oh oh no ...". June looked a little worried and puzzled. "Is everything alright? Did I touch somewhere I wasn't supposed to?". Ginger didn't say anything for a few seconds before replying. "No no everytbing is fine. I just ... um ..." June had this cock-eyed look trying to understand.

Ginger, it seemed didn't want to say what it was. Instead, she replied. "It's nothing. I just ... never knew how ... how exhilarating making out is. And with another girl. Wow whew." June didn't seem to understand and felt a worried. She didn't fully buy it. She noticed Ginger put her right leg behind and wrap around her left leg.

"You sure everything's okay? If not please tell me." June said. Ginger felt a little bad and tried to work up the nerve to say it's alright. But she didn't feel alright nor did she want this to end for them. "Yup its all good.". Ginger embraced June and began kissing her. But Ginger felt anxious and breathed loudly. She fidegted with her legs and continued shift her weight from one leg to another.

Sometimes, she stopped kissing only to say she just wanted to catch her breath. Then continued. June was becoming suspicious and Ginger could tell. After another 15 minutes, Ginger flinched upwards and everything stopped. Ginger passed it off as a bug crawling on her, making her feel a quick shiver. Ginger continued to kiss June who didn't seem interested. She wanted to stop this and just pack it in.

Ginger didn't want June to angry and continued. Ginger could feel herself not right and as time passed (another 10 minutes), June could tell Ginger was perturbed about something. Ginger would bob up and down noticeably every 2 minutes. Her body was stiff and her legs double wrapped together. Her torso was bent and unable to stand straight up fully.

June stopped and asked again. "Ginger do you really want to be with me? It seems you're not interested or just not into making out. May be I should have pushed you into this ... Ginger?" She noticed her friend stood staring at her with wide eyes and serious expression while trying to smile weirdly and blushing big time. June looked on nervously. Ginger quickly embraced her partner and said it was nothing.

Ginger began kissing June on the neck. June tried to remove speak asking Ginger to hold on for a minute. Then ....... it happened. June heard what appeared to be a splattering noise. Ginger kissed June directly trying to keep her gaze on Ginger herself. For a whole thirty seconds, Ginger kept June's focus on her while June was trying to let go of Ginger. But Ginger didn't want her June to see what was going.

After it was done, Ginger let June go, still blushing. June looked at Ginger. She inspected her lower legs and feet which felt a warm liquid splatter onto them. Ginger didn't want to day as she held her left arm with her right one. "Ginger what's up with you tonight. Please just tell me." Ginger slowed directed her eyes at June, then spoke in a very soft mousy tone.

"I didn't want to say anything to ruin out night. But on the way home until now, this very moment, I really really really had to pee and I just .... I just ......" but she didn't want to say. June looked awkward and looked both ways before she replied "You just what?". Ginger didn't want to say anything as it would be too embarrassing. THEEEEENNNNN June understood what just happened.

Her eyes widened as she took a step back. Ginger looked ashamed and sorrowful. June had this annoyed and sort of grossed out look on her face. Then it switched to a face that asked 'Really?'. Ginger stretched her lips while simultaneously pressing them together. June spoke. " If you had to pee you should have done so. I would've been fine with it."

Ginger had this stupefied look on her face that said 'I know'. There was silence in the air before June walked back inside. She turned around and called out. "Dont just stand there. Come inside. Oh and I have some plastic bags for you." Ginger came to the entrance and took the bags to out underneath her feet. They went upstairs.

Once there, June offered Ginger the shower which she said wasn't any trouble. Ginger ger undressed and put her dirty clothes with the shoes in one of the plastic bags. Her clean clothes unaffected were put on the back of the door hook. Just as Ginger was going to enter the shower, June called out to her. Ginger turned around to see her partner all natural.

"Do you mind of we pick up where we left off? I promise no sex. Just kissing. Ginger thought about it for a moment, then said she would rather just take the shower alone. May be afterwards they could make out some more. June didn't have an issue and waited for her in her bedroom. And with her clothes on.

