Interruptions

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-02-19 22:08

Summary: A female is desperately trying to get one ounce of freedom to pee. But she is constantly interrupted by someone at the door. Will she find a chance to pee in peace.

Comments: This story is based off a video from Bound2Burst. The main character is in a scenario similar to the model Carissa Montgomery in Too Many Delays. In this story, Carissa has to go but has to keep answering the door. Eventually she does use the toilet but only after she has a bit of an accident. The story here is based off the video but with some changes.

Plot: It was a 9 pm and still the night was going on for a little while longer than usual. It was going to die down eventually. Back at the Masterson-Prestin residence, the apartment was quiet and dark. No one was present. Everything was turned off and no issues abound. Both Piper and Gwenndolinne went out for the night with their respective dates. But it was Piper who returned home first.

At 9:05 pm, she came running over to the front door to the apartment and unlocked the door. She quickly came inside as she was frantic and desperate. "Gottapeegottapeegottapee!" She said over and over again as she threw down her purse on the couch and made her way to the bathroom. She didn't bother to remove her shoes, which hurt both her feet.

She just returned from a wedding and now had to go like crazy. Piper went into the bathroom and turned on the light. She went to sit down on the toilet only to remember she is wearing a skin tight bodycon dress as part of being one of the bridesmaids. The dress is as shown below:

Piper cursed herself for wearing such a dress. Now she has to unzipped the dress and undress before she can just go. "Damn you Pipe. Now I have to reach for the zipper. (Whimper) come on dame zipper .... I can't reach the zipper." Piper was pee dancing while trying not to fall over. After all, she is wearing high heels for first time.

It was a requirement for the wedding bridesmaids uniform. Piper tried to reach and extend her arms but couldn't reach. Sadly Gwenndolinne wasn't here to help as she went out with her friends for a night club gathering. Piper tried again, trying to reach the zipper but her hands couldn't reach it. "Damn!" She cried out as she breathed to regain her breath.

Piper bent forward to deal with a wave of desperation. "Hmmmmm!" Piper cried out since her bladder was contracting to push out the golden ocean. It was full and she could feel it. In fact, she could feel so badly due to her tight dress pressing inwards against her abdomen underneath her chest. And her exit hole was under pressure to open as it quivered trying to keep itself together.

Piper could only keep her hands near where her groin was. Since her dress was tight and not as easily stretchable, she couldn't just cup her nether region with her hands. She couldn't hold herself. She bent her knees forward one after another, scrunching her face, her left eye twitching as she tried to hold it. 'If I don't go I'll pee myself." Pioer thought to herself.

She got a handle of her urethra muscle and grabbed the hem of her dress. She proceeded to pull upwards on it to take the dress off and just be in her undergarments. That wasn't an issue for her. But as she lifted it up just an inch, she remembered she forgot to close and lock the door. She cursed herself and went out slowly. She walked towards the front door and closed it. She locked the door and went back.

She proceeded to lift up her dress little by little. She had to stop every so often, as wave after wave of desperation occurred. They caused her to stop and bend forward to deal with her urge. "Come on Pipe you can do this your almost done. Just halfway to go." Piper said to herself. Piper kept fighting with her dress as she desperately tried to lift it up.

The dress fit her so perfectly it was even a pain to put on. But now she was pulling and tugging as though life itself depended on it coming off. "Get off me damn dress." Piper said. She kept dancing in desperation even more than before as thr urge kept getting even worse than when she arrived. Now she was properly bursting. I mean really bursting. She needed to go without hindrance.

But then, she realized the dress was about up to her chest. Perhaps, all she needed to do was remove the dress so much so she could pull down her undergarment to go. Just then, she whimpered "Oh ohoh!" because almost spurted. Her golden liquid just shot out but into the folds protrcting her exit hole. But she wasn't out of the woods yet. Piper got things under control but she held it tightly.

She was about to pull down her underwear once she was sure she could just go. But as she went to grab her underwear, she heard a loud knocking at her front door. It was followed by a voice outside. "Excuse me it's police open up!", followed up by more door knocking. Piper was shocked by this and even surprised. What was the issue she wondered. "What the heck are they doing here?" Piper thought.

She called out "Just a minute." and proceeded to leave her bathroom with her hands on her crotch. But she remembered she was half dressed and had to put back down the dress. She groaned at this but had to do it. She sucked in air, while forcing in her abdomen and really tightening her exit hole, and had to slowly, little by little, pull down her dress again.

She hated this as it put more undo pressure upon her bladder and pressured exit hole. She walked to the front door in a cautious manner, and stiffly might I add. She looked through the door hole and saw men in officer uniforms. She unlocked the door and opened it a little. "May I see identification please!" Piper asked the officers.

The lead detective pulled out his identification badge. She recognized the badge as official and could tell it was. Piper's father was still an officer and knew of the changes in badge appearance to know what is official and what's not. And she could tell what precinct the detective was from too. She opened the door, trying to seem calm. She didn't want give away she had to use the toilet.

"Hello officers. What can I help you with?" Piper asked. Detective Lance accompanied by officers Politski and Roark looker back at this lovely looking young lady in a stern manner. Detective Lance spoke first. "Ma'am we're here to ask you a few questions. May we come inside?". Piper felt even more nervous as she wasn't sure what was the trouble and how long they were going to stay.

After all, she had to pee so badly and her need kept rising. If only she didn't have so much of that delicious punch and coffee. It was working against her. Normally she didn't over drink like her roommate Gwenndolinne. But tonight she couldn't help herself as the food and drink were so delicious. How could she resist? She politely responded "What is this about?". Officer Politski responded "It's better if we spoke to you inside your apartment."

He and officer Roark showed there badges too. She could tell their badges were official and let them inside the apartment. She shut the door behind them and led them to the couch and dinner table. Piper walked over to the policemen and stood their with her hands clasped together in front of her abdomen. It was killing her and her exit hole was killing her more. It also felt very moist from her spurt as it was kept shut to prevent a dark spot.

The detective began the conversation. "So how are you feeling?". "I'm good. And you?" "Just peachy (sarcasm)". The detective stared at Piper then, asked her "You'll want to sit down for this." Detective Lance said. But Piper didn't want to move if she could avoid it. And plus, she might wet herself if she got up. Plus, she was already standing. "I will stand thank you." She replied.

Detective Lance asked her her name. "What's you name Ma'am?". She replied "Piper Prestin sir." He looked at her trying to ascertain her and figure Piper out. He didn't seem to see anything wrong but noticed she was a little antsy underneath her calm demeanor. He felt he might know when questioning her about the matter on his mind. Piper still wondered what this was about without showing it.

Detective Lance proceeded to start his questioning. "Down the hall a crime of murder occurred. The resident named Mr. Walter Reed was killed by someone. What do you know of Mr. Reed.". Piper was filled with fear and worry about a murder as well as the fact that a murdered might be on the premises. She responded carefully so as to be honest without giving too much away.

"As far as I know, he was a man of gentle spirit and always kind. He never gave me a reason to think he would have made any enemies. I can't imagine who would hurt him." Piper said. The detective wrote on his notepad and looked up to ask another question. "How was Mr. Reed kind and gentle?". Piper had to think for a second. Her mind was flooded with the alarm bells of possibly having an accident. Suddenly, she was overcome with an urge to go as another wave swept by.

She put her right leg in front of her other leg in a calm and casual manner. She didn't want to give any vibes she knew anything or was guilty of something, not that she was. "Mr. Reed would help sometimes, such as helping to bring in groceries into the apartment or speak a kind word. For example, I was feeling upset about not getting a raise. He saw me and asked what was wrong. When I explained the issue he told me not to give up and keep trying."

Piper paused and kept talking. "I tried his advice and I did get the raise after all. When I told him, he congratulated me on my persistence.". Detective Lance scribbled down in a few words what Piper said. "Fair enough. Sounds like a nice man. " the detective said. The other two officers kept staring at her silently. Detective Lance asked Piper another question. "Did yoy ever see anyone who spoke in a negative or threatening manner about Mr. Reed or to Mr. Reed? Anything at all would be helpful."

Piper moved forward and backward a little. She didn't move by way of feet but her torso and legs while her feet didn't move from their positions. Even her pose was the same. She did fidget with her hands as she twice recoupled her hands together. She had to go and badly. Her body was telling her to wrap it. Inside her mind she wanted this to be over.

Piper replied to the detective. "I've ... I've never heard of anyone speaking ill towards him. I .. always see people thanking him for helping them and talking with him. I don't know what could've prompted anyone to kill him. I'm sorry officers but I don't know." She spoke in a somewhat shaky manner. Detective Lance kept looking at her. He noticed something was up. "Did he say anything to you? Have you been on the receiving end of threats Miss Prestin?" He asked.

Piper kept moving her right foot forward and backward as a sort of nervous tick due to the need to use her toilet. Her body had to go badly. Her exit hole and folds covering them started to sting from being kept in the contracted manner. She had to go but she couldn't just leave and appear suspicious. Piper had to respond to Detective Lance and immediately. "No sir.". Detective Lance just looked at her for the next 30 seconds.

Then, he closed his notepad before looking to his right. He thought for a moment before asking his final question. "Did you hear or see anything out of the usual at all. Did you see anyone that looked or appeared not right? And near Mr. Reed?". Piper responded back whole feeling another powerful urge to go and this one caused her to bend forward a little as the pressure against the exit hole was immensely painful.

"No sir.". The detective and the other officers looked at her seeing only a face that didn't seem to change facial expression but sounded a little perturbed. But they couldn't tell and perhaps she was just nervous about the possibility of a murder on the premises as being worrisome. "Whats on your mind? You seem out of sorts." Detective Lance said. Piper couldn't take it anymore and replied back.

"I don't know anything and I wish I could say more.". She spoke in a more assertive tone and one in which was somewhat agitated manner. "You tell me there's a murder just as I come home from a wedding. What should I think? I can't imagine who wants Mr. Reed dead.". Detective Lance got up and signaled his men time to go. "Alright then. But call me if you need anything.". Piper took the business card and thanked him. She opened the door and let them out. She sighed a breath of relief and hurried back to the bathroom, but carefully. She didn't want to have a wet spot in her undergarment.

*001*2023-02-21 01:19

Each step she took was agony for her bladder and quivering urethra. As it was, she accidentally let out a small jet which was festering just inside the folds covering her urethra. She could feel the dampness of her piss and she hated it. She needed to get this darn dress off and go before it's late. "Darn cops holding me up." Piper said to herself. Her need to go rise exponentially and her mind was flooded with signals to let it go.

Her mind was ready to cave and give in but she willed herself to keep holding it. She wasn't about to wet herself or piss in an odd place like Gwenndolinne. She was Piper Prestin and she was a tough girl. Piper came inside the bathroom again and began pulling up the hem of her skirt little by little. It was so annoying and her wave of desperation came back stronger than before.

Again she leaned forward, groaning as she tried to keep the exit door shut. The pressure felt like a tsunami pressing all of its weight against the door of a bunker. It was as if it was a mob of prisoners kept adding more pressure until the door opened and freedom was now their's. Piper could hear the thoughts in her mind, racing from freedom to having to go to why is she holding on this long.

At one point, she considered just letting it go or scissoring through her dress. After all, she isn't going to wear it again. It was just because of the bride being her sister she agreed to her stupid dress code. But now it was useless to wear it. But she did want to return it for her money back. But then again, it's a pain to have. So why not just rip it open.

Piper whimpered as she tried to keep her abdomen inwards without putting too much pressure against her already full bladder. Piper desperately needed to remove her dress just enough to remove her undergarment and sit on the toilet. Again, she had to tug and pull and pull some more. This horrible dress just fit her so perfectly well like a second layer of skin. This was horrible for this with a severe need to go.

Piper danced and at times, stopped to deal with a wave of desperation. She pressed her knees together while unable to cup her crotch, wincing in pain as she grit her teeth fighting with all her will power to hold it it. But it was just so powerful. The third wave was so strong she got on her knees whimpering as she tried to keep the exit hole shut. But it wouldn't shut anymore than it had. And the pressure was so unbearable.

"Should've gone at the reception hall waiting on that stupid queue. But no! I just had to go home." She thought to herself. Once the wave subsided a little, she took the opportunity to tug and pull at her dress. But she was frantic and her sweaty fingers kept losing grip on her dress. This just made her more agitated and upset. "Come on grab it girl!" Piper cried out. She tugged and tugged as the wave of desperation persisted.

She could feel the overwhelming pressure pressing against her exit hole, expecting freedom and release. Her efforts to keep it shut weren't changing but it felt the overwhelming need to just open up as the water behind the dam kept growing in mass and strength. How long could she bear the pain of the flood waters pressing all their weight against the exit door that can't keep holding while the pressure just keep mounting. Something will give and she wanted it to happen once she was ready to take her relief. Properly.

But things just got worse. Again. She heard several knocks on the door. She didn't bother to open the door until she heard it was their landlord banging on the door. "Open up Piper! We have to talk and I want my rent money!" Mr. Sykes called out. "Sh**!" Piper cried. She forgot it was the end of the month. Now she was in for it. But she was on the verge of a flood and if she didn't open the door, the landlord might get the wrong impression and evict her with Gwenndolinne.

At first she thought perhaps it was a stranger or the killer. But now she had to go out there and fully dresses. Which means the trouble of lowering the hem of her skirt back down. For the second time! What is a girl who's bursting to do to get some privacy? To just get relief? Poor Piper. And as usual Gwenndolinne forgot to pay Mr. Sykes. Typical. She always leaves the important chores to Piper.

*002*2023-02-22 18:22

{{On 2/20/2023 at 10:01 PM, JD0417 said:

Id like to see how this ends

}}

You will. Don't worry. Hope you enjoyed my other stories.

*003*2023-02-24 01:47

Piper carefully motioned her hand towards the tile floor, then used her palm against the floor to lift herself up. Slowly, she lifted with her legs all while being so focused on not wetting herself. After all, she didn't come this far to only wet herself. At 85% upright, she stopped and took a few seconds to compose herself. She inhaled much air to reply back the landlord.

"Comming!" Piper shouted in a strained voice. She didn't have the luxury of speaking normal as she still held it in so tightly. She wasn't sure if her landlord heard her considering the loud banging on the door continued. "Open the door and give me my money NOW!" shouted the landlord. (Sounds like the landlord that makes difficult for the Avalon girls!). Piper moved slowly and carefully to the door despite the pain and banging.

"F***ing landlord. I hate him and I hate Gwen!" She said under her breath. This was the last straw as she could've been taking a much needed water break into their toilet. But no. Gwenndolinne had to be lazy roommate and not pay the stupid rent money. So simple right. Piper walked awkwardly with her thighs pressed together and hands still grabbing the sides of her skirt.

She was struggling to pull it down and cover her legs again. Her thighs were showing and she looked indecent. At one point, she stopped again as her urge grew unbearable. It was a wave of desperation that made her Whimper. All the contracting in the world wasn't going to help and it couldn’t contract further while the pressure kept mounting.

This wave of desperation was lasting for more than 5 seconds and kept throbbing. But the landlord outside didn't know or care. He shouted for Piper to open up. Eventually, he threatened to throw them out if she didn't open the door with the money. She had to get up and fast. Piper quickly got up, rushed over to the nightstand, opened the drawer and grabbed the rent money wrapped up in a rubber band. She unlocked the door and opened it a little.

"Here! It's all of it. Take it! Just take it!" Piper said with all of her waning patience. She had to go so unnaturally and time was running out. She had to go and go now. Mr. Sykes grabbed it and left, but not before saying this. "Next time you're late you're all out here!". Piper replied "Okaygotitbye!". She shut the door and locked it. Now it was back to her dilemma.

*004*2023-02-25 16:45

Piper was back to holding herself and of course, not being able to cup herself. She kept her hands on her abdomen only. She winced and bent down again, feeling all sorts of churning and her poor bladder was making noises. It wanted relief. Her exit hole desperately wanted to buckle to end its suffering. But she wasn't Gwenndolinne though she considered just doing it in the kitchen trash pail. After all, Gwenndolinne did it.

"Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmmmmmmmmm!" She whimpered. It was nearing the end and she had to go now. But she was afraid to move as it could cause her to leak. And she didn't want to to bend down to remove her shoes. Piper didn't have time nor patience for this. Piper bent her right by knee with her foot facing the ceiling. She opened the strap with her right hand and loosened the strap. She wiggled her foot and let the shoe drop to the ground.

She lifted the other foot and opened the strap. But when pulling on the strap, it got stuck. She desperately tugged and pulled while dealing with a wave of desperation. She tugged and tugged in a frantic manner hoping it would do something. "Come out come out!". Suddenly, Piper cried "Ah!" and stopped. She spurted another small jet into her lips. It was a split half-second but it was a signal her time to go was nearing.

She ripped the strap out and let her shoe drop to the ground. Piper put her left foot to the ground and moved cautiously to the bathroom. She began tugging on the hem of the skirt of her dress upwards. She could feel her urethra starting to sting with numbness and paining. It was so uncomfortable for her and her mind raced. She was flooded with signal for relief and this isn't natural.

But Piper kept holding it all while the urge kept rising. Her urethra was quivering and ready to buckle under the weight of her golden liquid ocean. Piper moved fast to draw up her skirt little by little and quickly. She kept her knees and thighs pressed together while shuffling her feet, and her body stiff. She could feel her torso shaking quickly and in a small rapid motions. At least her shoes were no longer on her feet but still.

After another 5 minutes of fighting with her skirt, she was able to see her undergarment (the gusset) and although the dress wouldn't go up further, she figured she could pull at the gusset downwards. She knew thebpulling it aside doesn't work. All of her undergarments fit her so well and it would press against her urethra. Her stream would be skewed and messy. She tried it once and it wasn't pleasant. The mess was terrible. And just when she figured relief at last, guess what!

Again, there was knocking on the door to the apartment room. Piper was ready to ignore it, though she cursed when hearing it. Who else could it be? More interruptions are unnecessary. But when the voice spoke she knew it wasn't good. "Miss Prestin this is Detective Lance open up now!". "****!" Piper cried out. She didn't want to answer the door but it was the police.

She turned towards the front only to realize she is half dressed. She can't go like this but that means fighting with her dress again. "Damn it what do I do?" She thought. But Piper then suddenly heard silence and knew what that meant they were coordinating their plan to storm through. She sucked in air and cried out to the cops to let them know everything was fine. "COOOMMMMMIINNGG!"

Piper gasped for air and carefully made her way only to remember she wasn't dressed. She turned back and grabbed a towel to wrap around herself. Then went carefully to the front door.

*005*2023-02-25 18:15

Piper walked carefully to the front door. She didn't want the cops to get the wrong idea and break down the door. Half way there, she stopped and squatted down. Her wave of desperation reached an all-time high and her mind was at its wits end. She cupped her crotch and wincing trying to hold it back. She focused on holding it tighter to make her wave subsided. But it was to no avail. And the cops were right outside her door. Piper got up carefully, walking to the front door.

Just as she was about to open the door, one of the cops cries out. "We're coming in!". Piper replied back. "No wait I'm a-at th-the d-door!". Detective Lance was ready to draw his gun only to hear the door locks opened followed by the front door. They all saw young woman standing a bit awkwardly. Piper was somewhat bent forward, with one leg crossed over the other, and sweating. "What is it?" She asked in a flustered manner.

Detective Lance looked at this girl wondering if she was okay or she was hiding something. "Is everything-" he said but he was cut short by Piper. "What is it? She asked again more quickly. Detective Lance replied. "The killer is someone in this building and for your safety you must lock your doors. Don't come until we say it's safe to do so.". Piper replied back quickly and impatiently, with some manner of politeness. "Thank you for the advice and I promise to lock my doors. Now if there isn't anything else I have to go now!". But Detective Lance stopped the door as it was being shut. "Miss Prestin is there a-".

Piper replied back to the detective hoping he would leave. She was about wet herself in that moment and had to take a huge leak. "No everything's fine now. Please let me go." But Detective Lance wouldn't let it go. "What's going on? You're being evasive?". Piper was at her wits end. "You want to know what's going on. I have to piss like a racehorse and this dress was a nightmare to somewhat take off. If I don't go now I .... I will piss myself here. I am bursting and desperate to pee. Please let me go please!"

One of the other cops looked at the detective. "Ya think she's about to go?". The other cop replied. "I think she is. We should go.". The detective figured this was what was causing her to feel so much anxiety but wanted confirmation. "Even so, I want to be sure. You've been acting strange and if there is something you're hiding we will know about-".

But again he was cut short by Piper who absolutely just wanted them to leave. "EVERYTHINGSFINEJUSTLEAVEMEALONETOPEE!". She shut the door and locked it. Then left. The officers finally got the message and left. Piper was so bend out of shape and irritated. So many interruptions. What's a girl got to do to get a good piss into her toilet? Geez. Detective Lance still wasn't sure but he didn't have a warrant to just enter.

He couldn't be sure she wasn't hiding the real perpetrator. Or if she really just had to pee like crazy. He was inside the apartment before and didn't see anything out of order before. So perhaps everything was okay. But there was no way to know now. Still, he and the other officers kept their eyes and ears open. Back inside apartment room 415, Piper was about to wet herself. She stood there with her hands on her crotch, her body stiff, and nervous about moving. She didn't want to have an accident all over the place.

Piper couldn't contract her urethra anymore and the pressure was at its pinnacle. Her exit hole was about to buckle and burst open, allowing the flood of a lifetime all over herself. She tried to will herself to hold it but her mind could t take it anymore. Like a person running on instincts, she moved like a possessed person. She ran in small strides over to the bathroom and luckily she didn't wet herself. She whimpered and panted as she breathed deeply. She ripped off the towel and began pulling on her undergarment.

At first it was hard since the waist bands were covered by the dress. It still hampered her and that meant more fighting with the dress. "Come .. on damn it come on." Piper said. But alas, she wasn't able to remove it. She cursed under her breath. "I swear this dress will get shredded by the end of this day." Piper declared. She had enough of this monstrosity of a dress. She hated it with a burning red hot passion. Suddenly, another several knocks were made at the door.

At first, Piper rolled her eyes and yelled back. "Go away I told you I don't know anything." But she assumed it was the cops. It wasn't. "Ugh!". Again, she had to cover herself. But her urge to go was so bad shedl didn't want to bend down to reach for her towel. She also didn't want to fight with her dress. At this point, she didn't know what to do nor did she want an accident. But the banging continued which only made her more angry until the person on the other side spoke.

The voice on the other side was someone Piper didn't recognize. "Open up or I'll break open the door!". The voice was deep and it was totally foreign. She didn't know who it was and she didn't want to go outside her bathroom. The banging only got worse and worse as the person outside got more and more angry. Piper was almost wetting herself as another small spurt escaped her and into her lips protecting her exit hole. She couldn't tighten it further as her golden liquid waste started oozing through to her undergarment.

Plus, she didn't want to feeling afraid now that perhaps this was an assailant. Possibly the murderer the cops mentioned. And she was becoming afraid on top of dealing with a wave of desperation. It all made it harder to hold it tight. Again, a wave of desperation hit her, but this time harder than ever before.

She didn't notice it yet but there was a very small dark stain on her undergarment. It was thanks to her spurting and inability to keep holding it in. After all, she was scared and tired from all the holding. Her body and mind were slowing easing up on tightly controlling her body muscles. They didn't want this anymore. It was too much stress for one person and it was enough.

Piper wondered where those two officers were and wished she asked them to stay. But she was all alone. She was in serious danger and no one could save her. Or so she thought. She heard other voices and some pounding against the door. There was yelling too. "Get off me!" " You're under arrest. Stop resisting!". Piper knew it was the cops. She heard Detective Lance's voice and sighed relief. Detective Lance told Piper to keep the door locked and closed until further notice. Piper replied as loud as she could. "Okay!".

*006*2023-02-25 20:00

Now that she was safe, Piper tried tugging on the hem of her dress. But then she figured the cops might want to come inside. But if she re-dresses herself, she can't go and has to wait longer. She was tired of waiting. She just wanted to go. Piper chose to try to go instead. Her urethra was ready to buckle, and it was time to empty her bladder. She tugged and tugged at the hem of her skirt. For the next 5 minutes, she tried to pull it up. But as usual, she couldn't. It was so damn tight.

Piper was on the verge of an accident. She just couldn't. She tightened her grip more but she couldn't go too far with it. It was just too much and her muscles were worn out. Sadly, the pressure reached its pinnacle, and still rising from all the gear and anxiety. It made things worse, or should I say feel worse. Piper just couldn't hold it anymore. And still the waist band of her underwear was stuck under her dress. "I'm going commando next time I have to wear such an outfit. That way I can pull it up and just go already. No need for underwear." Piper thought.

She writhed in pain from all that fluid pushing against the exit hole. And it was all too much for her. Next thing she heard was door knocking outside her door followed by the voice of Detective Lance. "Miss Prestin please open the door. I just want to make sure you're okay." Piper sighed and rolled her eyes again. But she did want to thank the officers for arresting the dirtbag. She had to get up off the floor carefully. She stopped and then stood up a little and turned around. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmm!" Piper whimpered.

@@Piper made her way to the front door, unlocked and opened it. She stood there with the hem of her dress still up, showing her undergarment. Detective Lance didn't seem to care as her well-being was the most important thing. "Are you alright?" "Y-yes, th-thanks t-to you and your ... officers." "Good. I will come by tomorrow to check up on you. See you then.". Detective Lance left and Piper shut the door. She walked awkwardly towards the bathroom to get her much needed relief. Piper held herself for dear life hoping against all odds she wouldn't have an accident. Her urge to go was so strong that even walking was horrible. She stopped a few feet away from the bathroom to hold herself and prevent a flood. She couldn't hold on for much longer as she felt her exit hole about to burst open. She could feel the churning and exhaustion. Her muscles were going numb. Her breathing labored and body stiff. She couldn't hold it any more than was possible. Her body was ready to release. She could feel it.

Piper squatted thinking it would help. She kept fidgeting as she motioned her feet side to side, wincing as she grit her teeth. Suddenly, she heard the door knocking again. It was three knocks followed by a "Hello, hello Pipes you there?". It was Gwenndolinne and she too was bursting. Piper cursed again. "***t!". Now she had to go see what was outside. "Pipes open the door I gotta go. Comeonopenup!". Piper didn't want to hear it but she knew she couldn't leave her out there. She got up, only to stop dead frozen. She almost spurted as she felt her golden liquid seep out and possibly onto her undergarment.

Gwenndolinne, being the ditsy person she is, forgot the apartment key and is locked out. Piper was becoming tired of the interruptions and just opened the door. Gwenndolinne rushed right in, almost knocking aside Piper. She lost her balance sort of, spurting a small drop for a split half second. Piper closed the hatch quickly, and rushed after Gwenndolinne as fast as she could. But when she followed Gwenndolinne, she saw the bathroom door was shut closed. Piper couldn't believe it. She opened the door for her roommate who just repays this with using the bathroom. It was Piper who had to go so badly and now she was held up again.

The telephone rang as she approached the door. But this time Piper didn't answer it. She banged on the door and yelled out to Gwenndolinne. "Gwen open up I have to pee. I've been holding for so long. Come on get out of there now!". Gwenndolinne replied in her usual unintentional but inconsiderate manner. "I was bursting okay so please wait.". Piper turned beet red, becoming fed up with her roommate. Suddenly, banging sounds against the front door were heard again. It was Mr. Sykes and he wasn't too happy. "Open up. Open up or else.". Piper's head was spinning and running out of sanity as it felt too muc pressure.

She was already facing another wave of desperation and she couldn't move now. She was 1 step away from going where she stood. Piper could feel her lower region churning and quivering more than before. She just couldn't do it anymore. The pressure was too great. She carefully stood up. She moved as quickly as she could to the door. Piper unlocked it and opened it a crack, to be met with yelling. "You didn't pay the rent. GIve me my money NOOOOWWW!". Piper didn't understand, standing there confused, flustered, and shifting from one foot to the other. "How much money am I-" "DON'T pretend to be dumb. Give me what I asked for?". Luckily, his daughter, Rhona Sykes, was with him and actually like Piper.

"Dad yelling isn't going to help. Piper we are short 20 dollars short, and my dad is bugging out. I told him 20 dollars is nothing. But you know him he wants the exact rent amount." Piper couldn't believe what she was hearing and how petty this was. "Look I don't have an issue as usually you're always doing your part. I can let it go this time. But it's my father who-" "Alright alright I'll get a 20 sheesh." Piper went over to her purse, pulld out a 20-dollar bill and hastily gave it to Rhona. "Is there a-anything else I can help with?" asked Piper. Rhona replied, "Nope you're all good.". But Piper shut the door and went hobbling back to the bathroom door.

Again, it was shut closed as Gwenndolinne wasn't done inside. Outside, Piper could here Gwenndolinne chit chatting with a friend and wasting time. Piper was furious and banged on the door yelling for her to come out. "Gwen open the door or I'll break it open. Open up now!" Gwenndolinne didn't seem to understand what the issue was and kept talking. Poor Piper was bursting and held it long enough. She was pee dancing and holding her crotch like crazy. She needed relief and fast. Piper kept banging on the door and calling out Piper. She bobbed up and down in misery and hated every minute of it. She wished to be free from this shackle and just wanted to do something as simple as take a nice long refreshing leaking into the toilet. Why was that so hard to ask for.

Suddenly, another wave of desperation swept by which was the finishing blow. Piper felt the hit like a ton of bricks and couldn't hold it anymore. She just couldn't hold it. That's it. Piper subconsciously along with her body said it was time to go. It didn't wait for her to relax herself. Piper gasped and whimpered as she felt herself spurting jets of her golden waste. It jetted past the folds of her skin covering the exit hole, wetting her undergarment. This jet was followed by another jet, then another jet, and another jet. And finally ..... she was going. Piper banged on the door and screamed out. "Gwen Gwen I'm pssing myself open the door open the door! Gweeeeeeennnnnnn!". A stream emerged from between her legs followed by several smaller ones and droplets too, rivulets traveling down her legs and creating a puddle on the floor beneath her. Her feet underneath became drenched.

Edited March 5, 2023 by Uroguy (see edit history)

*007*2023-02-26 17:52

No matter how many times she tried to stop it, her efforts were in vain. Suddenly, the door opened to the bathroom and Piper pushed past Gwenndolinne, who also got splashed a little. She was surprised by this as well as her friend sitting on the toilet. Piper finally relaxed her whole body. She finally got to go into a toilet but it wasn't as sweet as she would have liked. She was wetting herself and left a trail of her golden liquid stemming from a puddle. Gwenndolinne learned this the hard way after stepping in it with her shoe. "Aw gross!" she cried out. Piper snapped back. "You did this by making me wait outside. Just I had to clean up your piss that one time, now you have to clean up mine! E-E-E don't speak. Now it's your turn!". Once she was done, she just sat there catching her breath. After a minute, Gwenndolinne came back to clean up the mess.

Piper demanded she unzip her dress. Gwenndolinne did just that and Piper undressed herself. Her underwear was disgusting and wet. She threw it in the trash and stepped into the shower tub. Gwenndolinne continued to clean while Piper showered up. After the shower, Piper went to bed and the next day, she finally unloaded about what happened last night to Gwenndolinne, but also her part in wetting herself. She also told her to take more responsibility, such as paying the damn rent. Also, Piper was considering leaving for another apartment and a new roommate.

The End!

*009*2023-02-28 19:33

Glad you liked it daisyduke.

*010*2023-03-04 16:27

{{On 2/25/2023 at 4:02 PM, JD0417 said:

How much is there to this story?!

}}

Hope you liked it.

*012*2023-04-20 18:29

Glad you liked it Jus. I try not to post after days on end. I do try to make it work on the same day. I can perhaps try to work it out before posting it though. Do you want to see more stories with Piper, or you prefer my other female characters?

*013*2023-04-20 22:41

No that's it.

