Bursting School Day Bladders!

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-07-10 02:44

I am reposting a previous story I posted earlier. I have made corrections to this story and hopefully it doesn't violate the rules of this site. Everyone involved in pee desperation is an 18-year old senior or older. It is long but it is worth reading. It has multiple wettings and desperation arcs. The main focus is the protagonist Ashlynn Avalon. She is 18 years old. Please leave a comment below with respect and positive critiquing. Also, there is no torture or acts of violence against anyone. No one got hurt nor was there blood and gore. There is mention of a sucker punch which was made against a wall and not a student. No one got hurt! And no one was roofied or drugged! Reading the story you will see it was ONLY ACCIDENTAL consumption of diuretic pills. Nothing more. If there are other concerns, just please let me know! I am happy to read whatever specific concerns and errors exist. That includes the moderators giving input. If I can fix it I will! Just tell me.

The main storyline below:

Plot: It was another cool 50°F Thursday in the month of April with the same high-pressure system hovering above. The cloud cover consisted of puffy white clouds appearing as tasty cotton candy set in the morning sky. The sky was awash with turquoise to the west diluting the dark navy of the former night sky. To the east, the sky blazed a scarlet color due to the ascendancy of the morning sun. It rose to brighten and warm this side of the Earth once kept dark and cold by the starlit sky. The birds chirped and glided in the beautifully painted sky starting their flight runs for the day. The grass, still chilled but not deterred by the leftover cold weather winds. The wind blew gently as it calmly caressed the grassy vegetation and flowers grasping for sunlight. After all, they needed breakfast for the day.

For this fiction, we will focus on a small stretch of Holden Avenue. Specifically, it was the bustle and bustle at Nolan James High School. Classes start at 7:30 and it was now 7:27 am. Last minute arrivals were clambering their way into the building and stop by their locker before going to class. One of those students was a female running frantically and awkwardly to school. She was on the opposite side of the street, waiting for the traffic to ease up, bobbing up and down while standing in one spot. It was the 18-year-old senior Ashlynn Avalon.

Although she lived a quarter of a mile away, you would have thought she could make it even by foot. It was only half an hour walking from her home to the school. Something caused this girl to arrive almost late, but what? And why was she holding her skirt while bending forward? She bobbed up and down, waiting for the cars and buses to pass by. "Damn traffic! I hope it lets up asap." She thought to herself. Car after car drove by as parents left from dropping their child or children to school. Buses also departed to their depot or other routes.

A gust of wind ruffled the vegetation, and of course Ashlynn. She whimpered and held down the front and back of her skirt. She didn't want anyone to see. After 30 seconds, the traffic light turned red, stopping traffic from moving both ways. The "walk" symbol was displayed allowing Ashlynn to cross over the cross walk. She walked as fast as possible while keeping her thighs pressed against each other. With only two minutes left, Ashlynn had to move quickly before time ran out. "At last!" Ashlynn cried out as she crossed the road and onto campus property.

By this point, the time was 7:28 am and still only two minutes left. She had to get to her locker, then first period class. And fast! The corridors were clearing up as first period drew closer, but there was still a significant density of students and staff. She went through the front entrance which was closest to her. Inside, the hallway was filled with students from every direction. Some walked upstairs while other went downstairs. Some entered the main office while others left. And others journeyed through the hallway going in either direction. In every direction, there was a gradient of students. It was impossible to travel against it, much like it was impossible to swim against the current. Assimilating into either direction meant moving fast and with the gradient, which Ashlynn couldn't easily do at this time.

She moved in quick small steps and awkwardly too, which meant possibly being pushed or shoved, or stepped on. In addition, her shoe heels made walking even more problematic. Each step felt like mini thuds which vibrated up her legs and to her abdomen. Ashlynn winced as she moved, feeling immense distress from her lower abdomen. Ashlynn felt the instinctual temptation to hold her crotch, but she was fighting this urge. Ashlynn had to get to her first class and fast. She only had two minutes left and being late wasn’t an option. She made the right and continued walking down the corridor, staying to the right of the corridor. It helped for staying out of the way of other students in a hurry. One bump was all it took for catastrophe. But what could that be?

Room after room she passed by as quickly as she could. But Ashlynn, already frantic and stressed out, wondered when she would reach the end of this corridor. "Man, this is so long. I wish they made pre-calculus closer to the main entrance.” At one point, she stopped walking and walked in one place. Ashlynn winced in pain while keeping her thighs pressed tightly and holding her crotch. Ashlynn was in trouble as she was fighting to hold back something. Even clenching her teeth wasn’t helping. Ashlynn, tired and fatigued, strained to hold back some sort of catastrophe.

She stood there for 30 seconds trying to prevent this unknown catastrophe. Her heart raced and her breathing labored during her anxious and frantic state. She looked around only to see students and classrooms. Not a single restroom could be seen due to the traffic. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmm." Ashlynn moaned. "Damn soda and coffee. I wish I didn't drink so much last night and this morning." Ashlynn mumbled to herself. Ashlynn was severely bursting to urinate BIG TIME! However, she didn’t have time for this. It was now 7:29 am and almost time for class.

After 20 seconds, Ashlynn her urge subsided a little allowing her to catch her breath. Each inhale and exhale were done heavily, and with great exertion. Her chest was kept somewhat impeded due to forcing her lower abdomen inward from straining to hold it. After another 10 seconds, she kept up her staggered rapid steps towards the end of the hallway. Poor Ashlynn tried to beat the flow of time but as fast as she was moving, she felt the time slipping away. Luckily, she was much closer to her locker by now. And the end of corridor stairwell.

Ashlynn had only about 35 seconds left before class started. She would have to share a textbook with another classmate this time. She didn’t want to be late again and face yet another angry fit by her teacher. The rest of the way to the stairwell was like the previous parts of the corridor. It was a minefield/death trap from a war zone/mummy trap. Students ran from one classroom to another while students ran from their lockers to their classrooms. There was every opportunity to be bumped into. Avoiding them at all costs was a must. But who was the pre-calculus teacher for the 12th grade? It was Mrs. Kay.

Mrs. Kay was the school's top high school math teacher and a real Professor Snape (without redeeming qualities). She was known for her punctuality, stern, strict and apathetic behavior towards the student body. What she taught the student had to know. Mrs. Kay taught using the 'gold-old-fashioned' chalk board and speaking while chalk writing. Mrs. Kay expected the class to keep up and not ask every two seconds about what was spoken. If you missed something she spoke or wrote, 'oh well!' Mrs. Kay didn't believe in stopping every time a student needed her to repeat something.

Mrs. Kay didn't use PowerPoint lectures to prevent 'coddling' the students. She felt it was a waste of trees and spoils the students. It was common for some students to not pay attention in class and instead looked at the printout of the lecture. Mrs. Kay didn't tolerate such disrespect and waste of her time. By no means was Mrs. Kay pro-environmental. She just didn’t care to waster her supply of paper to make several copies of the same lecture. Mrs. Kay didn't believe in extra credit. You want to succeed you pay attention in class and read the chapters. The proof came in the homework and tests. You reap what you sow!

Three things above else that Mrs. Kay hated the most was irresponsibility. Mrs. Kay was not patient and expected to start on time without fail. She hated starting late, unless there was a fire drill, lock down drill, or some other serious matter. Under normal circumstances, class began at a certain time on time without fail. And all students had to show up on time too. If a student came late, it was considered a distraction for her. Not only that, but such students had a habit of asking what they missed. Her responses were the usual caustic, unfriendly sharp comments. It wasn’t totally unwarranted, but her attitude in general was a reason for students to want to miss some of class. They didn’t want to be around her.

The next thing she hated was being asked for school notes and homework. She expected students in high school to know how to be responsible for making up the work. She didn't like being bothered having to repeat herself. It was one thing if you arrived late due to some emergency, such as the school bus or being in a car driven by the parent was hit by another driver and the student’s parent or bus driver calls in to let the main office know of being late. That way, the teachers could be informed of tardiness for an actual reason. Sleeping late and waking up late wasn’t a good reason.

The last and final thing she hated was a total disregard for doing the work. As a high school teacher, she expected the students to be more capable of handling heavy workload. Mrs. Kay gave lots of reading and homework to prevent claiming not enough practice. Plus, she knew how teenagers can get into trouble when there is nothing to do. She felt the extra work would give the "hormone-filled youths" something to do (other than texting, Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram; hanging out at night, and other trouble). Mrs. Kay spoke sharply and apathetically to whiners complaining about too much homework on top of their already busy schedule.

Whenever a student made that complaint, her response was "That is life. It's filled with many responsibilities, and it’s up you [the student] to find the time to get it done!" or "If that is your schedule, then you'd better get started! Use your study hall period or lunch period!". Even having work after school wasn't enough a reason. Mrs. Kay had it out for a couple of students over the years for one or two issues. But she definitely had it out for Ashlynn big time! Ashlynn was the only student to be tardy several times, to complain about PowerPoint lectures, to ask for extra credit, and whine about the workload.

Ashlynn's first experience with Mrs. Kay occurred this school year. On the first day of precalculus class, Mrs. Kay spoke in her usual tough and blunt manner about the school year. "This is 12th grade mathematics and being in this grade means high expectations. No nonsense, no whining, and no holding your hand. Today we will be learning about precalculus and its applications in the real world. Precalculus is about" when suddenly a student came running into the classroom and interrupting Mrs. Kay. "Sorry I'm late Mrs. Kay. Traffic was a nightmare (not false but not the full truth either). You know how it is. So, what's the first lesson?" this student asked. Mrs. Kay stood there in utter shock and appall at this student. The whole class stood there looking at this one student.

The student rummaged through her book bag still speaking "Where is it where is it ... damn it oh here it is." She took out her notebook and tossed it on the desk. Another student tapped the tardy student on the arm and pointed to Mrs. Kay. This student turned around to see her teacher with the dirtiest and scariest look ever. Mrs. Kay walked slowly and sternly over to the poor fool that just offended her. The student, seeing the expression on her teacher's face, had this intimidated and nervous look on her face.

"What's your name?" Mrs. Kay sharply asked the student. The student, gulped, then replied "M-my n-name is Ashlynn Avalon." Mrs. Kay looked at Ashlynn, then spoke. "Miss Avalon! Do you realize what time it is? DON'T SPEAK! That was rhetorical! Whether it is 1, 2, or 5 minutes late it's still late. And lateness isn't tolerated, especially someone of your grade level. By now you should know how to show up on time. Not only that, but you disrupted my class time. My time! And you know what that means?" Mrs. Kay said. Ashlynn stood there feeling so small and afraid, gulped once. She didn't know what to say and if she could say it.

"This is my time to teach and you to listen. I have lots to teach on this day and in this semester. Therefore, I expect to start on time everyday 7:30 am sharp! Not a minute before nor after! And it's 7:33 am now because I must discipline you like a small child. Utterly disgraceful. See me after my lesson is done, which might be done after the bell rings to end this period. And don't whine to me about being late for your next class. You will leave when I say so." Mrs. Kay snapped. She turned back to the class and started her lecture. Ashlynn sat down quietly and carefully.

As for the end of class, she spent 3 minutes past the end of class to allow her teacher to finish her lecture. Even after the lecture was finished, Mrs. Kay kept the tardy urchin even longer (while letting the rest of class leave) to 'speak' with her. Plus, she wrote Ashlynn up to the school principal. From then on, she understood what rude awakening she would have to endure for this second half of her senior semester. Ashlynn learned she had to be timely or else face her wrath of her new math teacher.

Besides the basic math operations, fraction, decimals, rations, measurements, and basic elementary geometry, she was terrible in math. During her years in middle school, Ashlynn earned a low final grade point average due to her low grades in math. Even in high school, Ashlynn did terribly in math except for her math in everyday life class. Algebra, trigonometry, and other high math was alphabet soup to her. It required her to think outside the box which overtaxed her mind. It also didn’t help that some of her math teachers weren’t great. The only math teacher she knew was the most helpful was her 3rd grade math teacher Mrs. Sigma.

This same problem was just as prevalent in her pre-calculus class too. Her teacher had it out for her and gave lots of homework. Her lectures were quick, and she rarely stopped lecturing (even for a second) to allow the students to keep up. There was only 45 minutes in a period, but still. Mrs. Kay also had it out for Ashlynn too. It made it hard to learn well in this class for Ashlynn and do the homework proficiently. Plus, her nerdy brainy friend couldn’t always help due to her own responsibilities. The workload involved reading a few (but very long) chapters a week, keep up with her lectures, and do lots of homework. The homework involved showing all the work for each math problem and typing chapter summaries for each chapter.

The summaries had to be shown in Microsoft Word, not handwritten. Mrs. Kay knew handwritten work can be erased or changed. But typed work showed exactly what was done. Plus, typed work was much more neat than hand-written work. Ashlynn hated taking the tedious time to do all this on top of her other assignments. She always ended up staying up late into the night for the math homework and some of the other homework. The rest had to be done during her lunch break or free period. She couldn't do her homework after school hours either. Like most seniors, she had to contribute towards expenses.

Since August of last year (following passing her junior year), Ashlynn found employment at a local mall department store to help pay for the rent. Her single mother Avana Avalon worked two jobs already to pay for the expenses. Her primary job was at a pharmaceutical company 15 miles away into the city. Her hours started early in the morning and ended after 5 pm. The commute back was a nightmare due to rush hour traffic which took 96 minutes-drive home. On the weekends, she worked her remote home data entry job for a local firm here in town. And yet, the income she brought was still not enough to cover the rising cost of rent thanks to new tax laws and an apathetic landlord.

Now Ashlynn had to earn a living to pay for at least a tenth of the rent. The job she had required her to work from 3:00 pm until about 8:30 pm. That left little time for doing her homework and studying. Lately her manager required all the staff to work late due to a shortage of workforce. A few coworkers weren't available for work for various reasons. A few left their job for higher education, one retired, and two got into a serious car accident. They wouldn't be returning until after a few months. Because of this, at times she had to work until 9:45 pm. After punching out, she had to wait another 10 minutes before being picked up by her mother. Avana didn’t want her child coming home at night alone.

It was this reason Ashlynn woke up late and came to her first day of precalculus late. It wasn't the last time either. Sometimes she was tired from work and didn't finish her assignments, especially the time consuming and boring assignments. At times, that included her math homework. Sometimes, Ashlynn couldn't think straight or stay awake. On one occasion, she struggled to stay awake and end up falling asleep on her desk. Ashlynn tried her best to stay awake despite constantly falling asleep even for a few seconds.

However, one time she fell asleep and missed 15 minutes of the lecture. Mrs. Kay rudely woke her up and snapped at her. Mrs. Kay was so furious and didn’t want to hear Ashlynn’s side of the story. She tried to defend her position which only out her in more hot water. "Don't take that tone with me you disrespectful brat. That's it young lady we are going to the Principal's Office for your behavior and your rampant disrespect in my class. Ashlynn replied, "But I'm not the only one to show up a little late or come short in class.”

Mrs. Kay was livid and utterly fed up. Her face was beet red, and she had a punishment suitable for the whole class. "Then perhaps our school Principal should speak with this class and other classes after I report you. It seems I have been too nice. Everyone, 10 points off your next test already and more homework. For each word problem, write the whole work and a paragraph explaining the work. Plus, each poorly written chapter summary will result in 2.5 points taken off your next test. And you’re spending your lunch and study hall period with me for the next two weeks!” The whole class, including Ashlynn, was shocked by this. For the rest of the semester, the whole class hated Ashlynn who became the talk of the school as the newest bad student. She was now personal non grata.

During her detention, she had to perform difficult math problems on the chalk board. Or she had to write 'I will not arrive late or disrespect Mrs. Kay again!' for the whole period. And it had to be done whether she was tired or not. And it didn't matter whether she had to urinate or defecate. This teacher was determined to make her suffer. And worse, the school Principal voiced his disappointment plus disgust for her behavior. The principal Mr. Calhoun phoned her mother too. Even her own mother was disappointed in her daughter. She did know how hard it was for Ashlynn.

But she couldn’t afford to take Ashlynn to another school. And she knew how immature her daughter was when it came to math. "Ashlynn you can't be mouthing off only to get expelled. I can't afford you to stay another year in another high school. I will make sure you get up on time. But you must do your work and pay attention." Ashlynn had no choice but to comply and stay out of trouble. It was hard on them due to the landlord and high cost of price in their town. But they couldn't move at this time. And Avana needed Ashlynn to finish school to continue working.

Back to the main story line (the present). Ashlynn had only 35 seconds left before class. In addition, Mrs. Kay wanted the chapter summaries for this week. Ashlynn stayed up until almost midnight summarizing chapters 12-14 from her huge textbook. And boy did it weight a ton. But she had to make it or else. There was no room for error. After 10 seconds, she made it to the stairwell. “Finally!” she thought as she could just make it up the stairs and get to class. Suddenly a loud noise permeated the whole school. It sounded off in all directions.

"Oh not this again. I can't show up late again. She's going to kill me-aaaaaaahhhh." Ashlynn was in serious distress trying to hold back the impending flood of doom, but now was not the time to seek relief. Ashlynn had to leave the building because of another fire drill. As per school policy, everyone (school staff and students) had to evacuate the school building during a fire drill. No one was to remain in the classroom or any of the restrooms. In the event of a real fire, the school building was off limits period! Ashlynn was not only caught off guard, but annoyed and bursting. Ashlynn had no choice but to join another class. As per school policy, she had to join with her class or another class and report to that teacher. When the main office staff would take attendance, that student would be reported to the appropriate teacher.

The nearest class was the Italian language class taught by Mrs. Giordano. Ashlynn went over to her (trying not to show her desperation) and reported herself plus which class she was to attend at this time as usual. The class walked to the nearest exit and went outsides in the breezy morning environment. Ashlynn walked in the back of the class and tried to keep up. She tried not to show her desperation in front of anyone. All she could do was put her hands on her abdomen. Once outside, Mrs. Giordano’s class stood outside a safe distance from the school building.

Students and teachers kept pouring out from the building, finding safety from the supposed fire. The alarm kept sounding incessantly for the danger of a fire. Slowly but steadily, the building was emptied from the first floor to the third floor It usually took about 2 minutes to clear out the building followed by 2 more minutes for additional attendance. Ashlynn's only concern was to avoid Mrs. Kay’s anger and eventually use the girl’s room. She stood there trying not to show her desperation and the danger she was in. But standing up straight was just impossible.

She kept her legs pressed tightly together, wincing, and softly moaning as she fought another wave of desperation. It didn't help being outside in this cold weather threatening to cause an accident. The wind chill added to the cold feeling outside.

(after 7 minutes)

It was now 7:37 am and still now word to re-enter the building. The alarm took 4 minutes to sound off (2 more than usual). Now they stood outside waiting for permission to go back inside the warmer building. It was very quiet except for the whispers of some students, school staff and the Principal. "Was everything okay? Was there a fire? Did someone get hurt?" No one had a clue. Attendance was taken and reported as full. The sun kept rising, shining brightly, as a golden beacon in the heavens outshining the once starry night. Even the moon was no competition to the sun. Some students were unaffected by the breezy weather while others hugged and rubbed themselves to stay warm.

Ashlynn was one of those students, still bursting and cold. She didn't have a jacket from leaving out the door in a hurry. In her mind, Ashlynn pleaded for things to end and allow her back inside the school. "How long will this take? I have to pee so bad. O I wish I went before going to bed last night." The urge to urinate kept coming back and her urethra kept throbbing. Each time she felt the urge disappear it came back and more slightly more intense. It didn't help that a cool breeze was making her shudder. Ashlynn could feel her pent-up ocean slowly ooze its way close to the exit corridor of her urethra.

All it took right now was one big shudder to make her relax and out comes the unstoppable flood. At one point the breeze nearly lifted her skirt on the back. Luckily, Ashlynn caught it in time. Although she tried not to make a show, Ashlynn couldn't help but bob up and down, keeping her legs pressed against each other, and keep her hands pressed against her area between her legs. When will this end? When can she return inside the building? These thoughts permeated her mind while she was outside. Finally, at 7:43 am, word was given to return inside the building. One by one, everyone began going back inside and to their classes. Ashlynn joined the Italian class back inside the school building.

Ashlynn walked carefully as each thud against the ground sent vibrations upwards. She could feel her ocean slosh around as it crashed against her bladder and the muscles beneath. They felt like ocean waves crashing against the shore creating a feeling of pins and needles. Or like the jabs at the palace door by an angry mob of people like those in France 1789. Not a good day for King Louis VI and Marie Antoinette! Once inside, Ashlynn made a left for the stairwell. Ashlynn had to walk with the gradient of students making their way upstairs too.

It was hard for her to walk up those steps and quickly due to her predicament. Each step, each vibration, all caused her ocean to slosh around, and her outer defenses to quiver. One person behind her heckled her to move faster. "Impatient jerk!" she thought. Half the flight of stairs was 15 steps which meant one flight was 30 steps. You can imagine the tribulation. Ashlynn walked quickly while hunched and awkwardly. And walking while limiting her breathing wasn't helpful. While it was instinctual to put her hands in her crotch, making a spectacle was out of the question. Furthermore, she kept one hand on the back of her skirt the whole way up. "Stupid school! We pay so much in school taxes to our district and they can't attach a few elevators."

Ashlynn hated traveling up the stairs when she had to go. Today wasn't the first time she felt a need to go while going up the stairs. And since skirts were short it was possible a boy or two might see what a girl is wearing. There was always that one moron male who tries to look up a girl’s skirt. At last, the final step on the second floor was obtained. She already had her right foot on the top step (therefore the second floor), when suddenly an impatient student pushed Ashlynn aside. "Whoa!" she whimpered as her balance was disrupted. Ashlynn managed to catch her balance by grabbing the hallway doors, standing to one side. No one bothered to check if she was okay and just kept walking forward. Ashlynn stood there holding the door and her face turned away from the crowd of students.

Her face was beet red from what just happened. Amid losing her balance, she almost had an accident. Thank goodness it wasn’t much worse. She did feel a dribble escape her and ooze down the middle. Ashlynn allowed the crowd of students to finish passing by until the hallway was clear. She couldn't take another jostling by an impatient jerk. Hopefully the coast would clear up enough she could continue her trek to her classroom, which honestly, was two doors away on the right. Ashlynn kept her left leg in front of the right leg trying to keep it closed.

After about 30 seconds, the hallway became less dense and safe enough for Ashlynn to keep moving. She hurried over as fast as she could. Ashlynn didn't see her class walk by and assumed perhaps they didn’t return yet. However, she would learn her assumption was wrong. As soon as she walked inside, she stopped to see her teacher was already speaking her lesson. This wasn't good for Ashlynn. Mrs. Kay's back was turned towards the doorway, giving her time to quickly find a seat. Furthermore, she hoped her teacher wouldn't notice she just arrived.

She looked around for an empty desk and seat. A student in the first row pointed to a desk in the back still vacant. Ashlynn hurried as fast as she could before her teacher turned around. Sadly, her fortune became misfortune as her name was thundered. "Miss Avalon!". Ashlynn flinched from being startled by her teacher, dribbling yet again. This time, the dribble merged with the previous dribble and a droplet fell to the floor. Ashlynn slowly turned to face Mrs. Kay who was already annoyed by the drill and now by the same student that appeared late again. Ashlynn knew what was coming next and still tried to pretend she just made it. "G-good morning-"

"GOOD MORNING! Really? I dare say not for it's a terrible morning." Mrs. Kay snapped Ashlynn tried to speak but she was cut off again.

Ashlynn, on the verge of an accident, trying to hold back the ocean made worse by her fight or flight response. She managed to hold back the growing ocean inside her. Poor Ashlynn didn't have time to wipe or relieve herself. But her focus now was trying not to have an accident while making it through what was to happen next. The whole class was silent as they awaited what fresh hell Ashlynn caused now for being late again. You would have thought the teacher would move on and not let this get to her. Ashlynn did just arrive more or less on time. But nope! Mrs. Kay wasn’t letting this go.

"I don't know what to do about you. I just don't know with you. You have been warned what would happen if you came late and still you can't make it on time ........ I can't do this anymore. Please see me after class with your chapter summary. Now .... sit down!" Mrs. Kay spoke sternly. Ashlynn shakily sat down while Mrs. Kay continued her lecture. It was now 7:52 am and the class ended at 8:15 am. Ashlynn had to endure about half an hour of what seemed to be Greek. The lesson focused on deriving the slope for logarithmic equations. "As I have discussed, logarithmic graphs either follow base 10 or the constant e. For base 10 we wrote log10(x) or lne(×)."

Ashlynn tried her best to focus on the lecture and look like she was writing notes in her notebook. Mrs. Kay kept looking in her direction making sure she wasn't being ignored. She wrote in quick sentences to eventually one-line sentences, and the graphs were also being drawn quickly. Ashlynn had one hand on her notebook while the other was clutching her front to better hold it. Worse off, she had to sit in her damp skirt. She felt dirty and uncomfortable. But there was nothing she could do right now. Her bladder was becoming more distended as more fluid was dumped into it. Where was it all coming from? Why was her body dumping all this extra fluid into her bladder? Her predicament only made Ashlynn more restless, shifting in her seat and knocking her knees together.

With time, she could no longer hold her pencil properly. Her notes became scribble that wasn't legible. The faster she wrote her notes down the less organized they became. Ashlynn missed certain things while misspelling others. Her notes were filled with cross outs, chicken scratch, and sloppily drawn graphs. Ashlynn leaned forward wincing and holding herself more so than taking notes. She instinctively began crossing one leg over another, and vice versa. But even that was making things worse, not better. Several times she had to stop writing to hold herself because her need became overwhelming.

It felt a combination of a dam facing extreme pressure and a palace door banged on by a mob of angry dissidents. It was incessant throbbing at the exit corridor. Ashlynn was already tired from last night and her body (rudely awakened for school) was still tired. She longed for the lesson to be over soon before the flood broke through. No. She longed to go home and sleep for the day. For Ashlynn time couldn't move any slower as it trailed by at a snail's pace. What's a girl to do when she must unleash her golden ocean? And there was no way she was going to ask for permission for the bathroom from the likes of Mrs. Kay.

(after 12 minutes)

It was now 8:10 am and now Ashlynn couldn't wait for the period to end. She wanted to make a quick b-line out of the classroom. Ashlynn was holding herself more often, unable to pay attention at all. "As you can see here" Mrs. Kay said as she explained another graph. She walked towards everyone's left as she spoke. Amid teaching, Mrs. Kay closed the door to the classroom in anticipation by Ashlynn. But Mrs. Kay saw Ashlynn look at the clock. "This won't go her way" she thought. Mrs. Kay made it clear she wanted to see that disrespectful, tardy urchin after class.

Ashlynn felt trapped by this barracuda of a teacher seeing no way out for her now. "Mmmmmmh .... mmmmmmh" whimpered Ashlynn, breathing hard trying to hold it. She shifted the position of her feet, putting her knees together, her calves shaking as she fidgeted in her seat. "Why won't this teacher get off my back?". It would be another 5 minutes before at last, the bell rang ending the first period. But Mrs. Kay kept the class another two minutes to finish her lecture and prevent the escape of her target.

"Hold on! I have two more minutes. Stop whining. This is 12 the grade. I will say when you leave. Not a stupid bell." Mrs. Kay continued her lecture for the next 2 minutes more about logarithmic functions and determining how to calculate intercepts. The rest of the class had to sit there and listen, hating Ashlynn again. Even the student who helped her out was annoyed, but felt this time was unnecessary. Two minutes later the lesson was done.

"And that's the end of this week's lecture on logarithmic functions. You have to perform problems 1-19, 22, 24-29, and 32 from chapter 5 of your textbooks. Class dismissed." Ashlynn like other students began putting her books away. It was hard to bend down with a distended bladder that also pushed down against her urethra. But her suffering wasn't over for Mrs. Kay approached her. Mrs. Kay had this dirty stern look to her. Those eyes were black as the callous swirling void within a black hole. There was nothing but darkness and the apathy that crushed all life and hope of escape.

Ashlynn couldn't think of anything to say. "I have had enough of your tardiness and disregard towards me. You are no senior. You are a child with no sense of respect nor discipline. Don't give me excuses. This is my time wasted due to your tardiness, and you haven't learned anything. Your grades are atrocious with your 70's and your homework answers are pathetic. Don’t tell me you tried. I am done with you, you incorrigible nightmare. Give me your chapter ... no don't bother. It's not worth grading. Now ... get out!" Ashlynn got up and left.

Ashlynn didn’t waste time for the bathroom. She had to go badly and didn’t think she could wait longer. She made her way to the middle of the corridor stairwell bathroom. But once she was a few steps away, she was met by a line of seniors. Ashlynn decided to try the one on the third floor. That meant having to make the trek up the stairs again. She sucked in more air to make the journey. Luckily, she wasn’t heckled or jostled. Again, each step she took was torture. She could feel the ocean sloshing inside herself. It all added to her wave of desperation and her frantic state of mind. Ashlynn had to hold on. She did have half a mind of letting it go here and now. Her class was 5 doors away and near the middle stairwell.

Once on the third floor, she was met by her next period teacher, Mr. Gable. He wasn't as strict or harsh as Mrs. Kay, but he also expected punctuality from seniors. Ashlynn looked at her wrist-watch to see only 20 seconds left. She had to pick up the pace before risking another tardiness. "Hi Ashlynn. Listen I have to go to the main office. I'll be back in 5 minutes. The Do Now problem is on the marker board. While waiting for me get ... oh that's the bell. Just get started while you wait for me." Mr. Gable said, then walked away.

Ashlynn was presented a chance to check out the girl's room and come out. She limped into the bathroom and went to check for a stall. The first stall was taken while another senior girl used the urinal. It was one of those urinals that went down to the ground level. Ashlynn hated those due to lack of privacy. There was another stall vacant and accessible. 'Thank gawd. Relief!" Ashlynn cried staggering inside. But she was to be disappointed again. The seat was covered with wet toilet paper. Plus, the toilet bowl was filled to the brim because someone stuffed too much paper and tried to flush. Even worse was the lack of toilet paper. "I can't use this stall!"

Ashlynn was defeated again. "What happens here? Why can't I just go pee?" she thought. Ashlynn had no choice but to leave the bathroom and go to her class. Her situation was worsening but she wasn't prepared to openly urinate. Besides the door could open any time and the view would be something for anyone still passing by. It was now 8:21 am and still the stall was occupied. (Side joke! Her ocean is gold! Too bad she can't get rich from it!) She had no choice but to sit down and wade it through. She knew full well her teacher wasn't going to allow her to make a trip for the bathroom just as he walked into class.

Ashlynn took off her backpack and put it on the ground. She crouched down to take out the appropriate books, which only added to her dilemma as last time. But it was worse now due to fighting this intense wave of desperation. The exit corridor throbbed as the wave pulsated incessantly. She desperately wanted to cup her hands over her front area to give some peace of mind. Alas, that meant drawing attention to herself and didn’t doing it. What was this unearthly urge? What was this ocean of gold? In the past, she felt desperation but not this bad. This was just unsettling and poor Ashlynn didn't know what to make of it.

Ashlynn rocked back and forth in her seat while shuffling her feet across the floor during the lesson. The lesson was on gravity and tension upon an object. "Any object held in place by ropes feels tension. The object is being pulled down by gravity. If the net force of gravity and the tension are equal, the object remains in that position unable to move in any direction in an ideal system." Mr. Gable said.

Ashlynn wasn't keen on physics either although it required far less complicated math. She wasn't math and science oriented by nature and preferred creative, artistry, and acting. Understanding the scientific concept behind how the world worked was also something she struggled with. In lamens terms, she knew that a ball thrown into their air would come down, that planets went around the sun, and a bullet moving at great speeds could do serious damage. But concepts like vectors versus scalar, calculating the strength of gravity, and particle physics would elude her a little. This class would be from 8:19 to 9:04 am.

(8:55 am)

The whole class period was spent learning how to calculate the force of tension using angles, gravity, net-force, and kinematics vectors. The force of gravity was usually described with a down arrow while tension was described with an up arrow. One of the problems was as follows.

A weight held in place by a rope, with a mass of 75 kg, and an upward tension of 700 N, held 80 m off the ground:

1. How much weight of gravity (Fg)?

2. How much is the net force?

| ----------------|

| | ⬆️ T=700N

| ● _

| m=75 kg. |

| ⬇️ Fg | H=80m

| |

Fg=? _

The whole class took a moment to answer this question. Some tried performing mathematical work to determine the answer. If the net force was equal that meant the force of tension and the force of gravity were equal. The object in the system was not going to move up or down. But if it wasn't, then the object moved in a particular direction. Of course, the star nerd of the school, Octavia Starr answered the question in no time. She was the science and math nerd of the whole school and famous for her outstanding grades. "The answers are 735.75 N and the net force is 35.75 N. The net force is not zero." Octavia said. "Very good Octavia. As always, doing superb." Mr. Gable replied.

Ashlynn didn't care for the lesson at this point. Her focus was on staying dry. Her notes were scribbles too and frantically written. She had to take the time to hold herself down there from time to time to answer her massive wave of desperation. As time passed, she just couldn’t do it anymore. She sat there holding herself and wincing. She tried to listen to this one teacher despite the subject. He was a nice man, but she just couldn’t focus. She shook her leg incessantly and shifted her feet. She tried crossing her thighs but moving only made the urge worse.

She scrunched her toes several times, as part of her nervous desperate tick. As time passed, Ashlynn shifted her feet (standing them on her toes) side to side, shaking her ankles and changing the direction of her toes. As of this moment Ashlynn was shaking her knee up and down, so quickly it presented as a minor disturbance for a few students nearby. Ashlynn tried to lessen the pressure on her urethra and the pain in her bladder, but alas it wasn’t working.

It was now 8:57 am and still only 7 minutes left. You'd think time would move faster when you're not paying attention. Today, the opposite happened when you keep looking at the clock. I wonder if it's a quantum phenomenon (double slit experiment! Hint hint!). But Ashlynn had to go now. She raised her hand for the bathroom. "Mr. Gable may I please go to the bathroom. I have to go!". Mr. Gable replied "We have about 7 minutes left. You'll just have to hold it. As I was saying …" Mr. Gable continued his lesson.

(the drug lab)

Avana Avalon (Ashlynn's mom) arrived at work, frantic as usual. Her work shift starts at 9 am, and right now she had 3 minutes left before her shift starts. Like her daughter, Avana had to find relief like crazy. She got out of her car, grabbed her purse, shut the driver's side door, locked the car doors with the alarm on, and ran towards the front entrance. "Oh gawd oh gawd" she said over and over again. She pulled out her security card, swiped it, went inside and punched in. She made a b-line for the restrooms in the back despite wearing closed toed shoes. They hurt her feet, but that wouldn't be as bad as having an accident on company property.

She burst into the ladies' room and pushed open the stall door. Once inside the stall, Avana closed the door shut. Avana proceeded to unzip and unbutton her trousers, lower it and sat on the toilet. "Aaaaaahhhhhhh" she said in relief. Her pent-up ocean jetted out and splattered underneath her. Avana didn't care that her upper thighs felt assaulted by tiny bullets latching on to her underside. Right now, the feeling of sweet relief was ecstasy. "Geez! All those coffees finally came out plus my medicine." Avana looked at her wrist-watch and chose to forgo wiping. She had one minute left. Normally, she would have done so rather than pull up her trousers, but this time was different. "I'll just have to go home and shower later."

Avana flushed and got out of the stall. She washed her hands and got out of there. Avana met with her supervisor to discuss the details of today's work. "Good-morning Mr. Supervisor. What can I do for you this morning?" Avana asked her supervisor.

(back at school)

Back at school, Ashlynn wasn't as lucky as her mother. She was struggling to hold on as her bladder pained in the last 7 minutes. Her bladder was so full and still expanding, making more room for the ever-growing ocean. She felt sick to her abdomen from holding it and the stinging feeling from her full bladder. Her mind was flooded by neurotransmitters stating it was time to go. In addition, her bladder contracted once to try to force out this ocean which only put more pressure against the exit. That meant more waves of desperation and more throbbing. It sent her brain messages too.

"Danger danger please release me from this gargantuan beast of an ocean. We can't hang on forever. Pressure reaching serious!". Ashlynn grimaced in pain begging the bell to save her from class time (get it! Saved by the Bell!"). As with precalculus class, she didn't write very much in her physics notebook. Her handwriting was atrocious due to her frantic nature and shaky hand. She barely paid any attention being a recluse in her own world. Ashlynn had the privacy to display her desperation, to an extent

It was 9:00 am and still the bell didn't ring. Ashlynn looked at the clock with a longing to leave. Her books were already closed and in her bag. Ashlynn shook her right leg waiting to be done. She felt horrible she didn't pay any attention to this nice teacher. But her need was too much. "Come one come one stupid minute hand turn. Turn!" she whispered to herself. Trying not to appear rude she turned back to Mr. Gable speaking about angles and determining force of tension against force of gravity.

###

\ ° ° /

\ /

\ /

\ / tension 1

\ /

● weight

°=angle of some degree, 90°, 145°, etc.,

⬇️ Fg=force of gravity

______________________________________

"We use the trigonometry cosine of theta. Theta is an angle in this case. By determining the cosine of the angle, we can determine the force of tension." Mr. Gable continued his lecture on the matter. Ashlynn kept her focus on staying dry pleading for class to end. Suddenly, Ashlynn heard her name being called. “Ashlynn, can you tell the class how we can determine the cosin of theta for the above scenario?” She was dumbstruck as she didn’t pay attention to the lesson shown. “Uuuuuuuuhhhhh …. Uuuuhhh … uuummmm ….” "Ring"

"We will pick this tomorrow. Read chapter 5 for tonight. The homework is on your syllabus!" Mr. Gable said as the students began putting their stuff away and leaving the classroom.

Ashlynn didn't wait and got up to, moving with the crowd. She made a right towards the girl's bathroom. Ashlynn felt every slosh and swish of her pent-up ocean as it made her exit dam quiver. She could feel today's lesson as her bladder pained. The force of gravity pulled on her already heavy and full bladder. Due to the weight of gravity, it began expanding onto nearby structures, such as the subsequent exit corridor below. While en route, she felt her bladder spasm. Since her class was in the opposite direction of her physics class, she decided on going to the bathroom nearest her next class (9:09-9:54). After about 20 seconds, she stopped and moved to one side. Another wave of desperation swept by forcing Ashlynn to deal with it. She lifted her left leg, wrapped it around her right leg, and moved it up and down as she bobbed in place. "Errrrrrrrrrrr" she whimpered.

She had to keep it inside, even if it was uncomfortable. Having an accident openly was unthinkable. She already dribbled urine earlier this morning and couldn't do it again. After 30 seconds, Ashlynn kept moving forward towards the bathroom. The hallways brimmed with the hustle and bustle of students at their lockers, going to class and/or the bathroom. At one point, her wave of desperation came back forcing her to stop again. She kept her legs pressed together followed by wrapping her left leg around her right one. Suddenly, she was pushed by another senior rushing to class. He ran fast and discourteously past several persons in the hallway.

Ashlynn was thrusted forward two steps causing her to spurt twice. She immediately closed the exit corridor (urethra) closed. But the damage was done. She stood still trying to fight the wave of desperation as hard as she could. Ashlynn was becoming more frantic and agitated now that she spurted twice on top of dribbling twice. She was having an accident in public and on school grounds. She continued standing there trying not to have an accident. She kept her legs pressed tightly together, bending forward, and wincing as she fought off another wave of desperation.

Ashlynn was in danger of urinating where she stood and needed the bathroom fast. She got herself under control for now and kept walking awkwardly towards the bathroom. Each small frantic step she took meant getting to relief sooner. Ashlynn couldn't wait for relief as she had desired it for so long this morning. With only two minutes left before class Ashlynn had to get relief fast. As soon as she was 10 paces away, she quickly staggered inside, pushing open the door frantically, saying openly "Oh I have to pee I have to pee" repeatedly.

Ashlynn came inside only to be greeted with occupied stalls and an empty urinal. The urinal was attached to the wall and above the ground. Unfortunately, it was too high for Ashlynn. She wasn’t tall enough even for being on her toes nor was she going to make a spectacle in front of others. "Oh come on!" she yelled. She paced back and forth bobbing up and down like a little schoolgirl. Time was running out as her next class was approaching. Her next class was marine biology taught by Mr. Warner. He was passionate about marine biology and expected the students to attend on time and do the work.

Mr. Warner was one of those pro-environment, anti-pollution, anti-big business people. Above else, he wanted to educate the next generation on the importance and beauty of nature's wonders that was the aquatic life. It was more than learning about what's a fish, a squid, what's an oil spill and keeping the Earth's waters clean. It was about inspiring the younger kids about what is life, understanding life, and how to treat it. To Mr. Warner, it was about so much more. Genetics, evolution, food chain, habitats, environmental influences, treatment of the aquatic life, human actions, and how it all ties in. And they can't be found anywhere else in the universe.

For the next 1 minute she waited outside for one of the stalls to become available. Even if it was half her bladder full, it was better than nothing. "What does a girl have to do to get to a bathroom stall? Hey open up! Damn it I have to pee!" Ashlynn yelled. One of the other senior girls replied "Go away. I'm busy here!". Ashlynn couldn't believe what was going on here. Again, she was denied as her pain grew. Her bladder became more distended and more pained. What was making her bladder fuller? Suddenly, the swishing of water could be heard indicating the flush handle was pushed. Ashlynn was filled with relief as at last she could urinate. The thought of relief nearly made her spurt again as her exit door quivered from the throbbing.

Sadly the stall door didn't open. Ashlynn had 30 seconds left and no time to waste. Ashlynn had to go now or never. She banged on the door, calling out to the person on the other side to hurry up. But again, she was rejected by the other person. Ashlynn had no choice but to leave in defeat. She had to go to class and wait another 45 minutes or somewhere during class period for relief.

(back in the above girl's bathroom)

Back in the bathroom, three female students emerged. It was none other than the infamous elite. It was the Tri Royalty Brigade. It consisted of three females (each female 18 years old) Camilla, Priscilla, and Ursula. Their ringleader was Camilla. She led her ladies towards not just being on top but also maintaining a certain image.

Camilla: These toilets are disgusting. Regular folk have no sense of decency. They just do their business like animals. Girl's, it's time to raise this complaint once and for all. We won't stand for slip shoddy work at the hands of plebians. We need professionals who understand what cleanliness means.

Priscilla: I agree. They say they work hard while they slacked off. And they criticize us upper class folk for having mansions and shiny bathrooms. It's because we believe in high standards.

Ursula: The class president Melanie is too busy building bridges than exposing laziness in this school.

Camilla: Don't worry. I’ll set Melanie straight when the time permits. Also, I heard Mrs. Kay became upset with a female senior for arriving late again. How old are you arriving on time is so hard? That person doesn't deserve to be here let alone call herself a senior.

(back to Ashlynn)

It was now 9:09 am in marine biology class. Mr. Warner arrived on time as usual. He began asking for chapter summaries and subsequent questions to answer for homework. Ashlynn, being so busy, forgot to do the questions. She arrived home late and afraid of Mrs. Kay, plus studying for a test. She fell asleep trying to finish marine biology homework. She had to submit what she had to receive what could be graded. By now, Ashlynn was exhausted but couldn't yawn due to her need to relieve herself. It would be another 45 minutes before she could leave again for the bathroom. Or she could ask in the middle of class period.

From 9:09 am and onwards, her teacher lectured about the life of mollusks and squids. The lecture was as slow as the last two lectures.

(back in Study Hall)

Study Hall usually occurred in another part of the school library. There students went to find the library books they needed or to study during this type of free period. It was usually quiet unless two students worked together for studying or a project. One of the students was Octavia Starr studying for her Science of Natural Disasters test. She looked over her notes from Earth Science class and textbook, as well as her current notes. Words, sentences, and paragraphs were absorbed like a sponge absorbing water by this girl.

However, as focused as she was her mind was diverted elsewhere. "What was with her? Why did she seem so strange fidgeting and sort of in pain?" Was she okay?" Octavia thought. One voice in her mind said she must not lose focus for her exam. Another voice said she must be curious about what's happened to her best friend. Like a Star Trek Vulcan, she stayed objective on the mission and studied for her exam.

(back to Avana Avalon)

It was 9:15 am at Drugtopia Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated, teeming with laboratory workers galore. Some worked independently, while others in a group. This was work coordinated by management and dictated to the employees at the lower echelon of the organization. All departments coordinated their efforts despite being independent from each other in some way. For example, the packaging department did their own specific duties separate from the laboratory department. But it was all coordinated by upper management down to the supervisors and to the workers.

Back in the laboratory, Avana was set to test a pain reliever for its ability to dissolve in the machine. She was documenting the number of lots to run in their dissolving machines and under specific parameters set forth by an already made procedure. All tests followed specific procedures which had to be strictly adhered to. Avana was filled with relief but slowly feeling a small pang growing again. "I'll have to go again thanks to my water pills." Avana put it out of her mind for now until it was a real problem. All testing had to be done in a timely manner to meet manufacturing quotas (of course she had to it correctly) and pick up her daughter at some point.

Avana had high blood pressure and urine retention due to the stress of being a single, working parent, and a long-standing complication from a car accident. Her medications were a diuretic pill and a drug for urinary retention. The drug for urinary retention was a muscle relaxant to allow the flow of urine (I take it too).

(back to Ashlynn's school)

It was now becoming late morning with the sun shining a bright yellow in the sea of turquoise. The clouds were white and puffy, only covering the sea ever so sparsely. The flowers weren't yet ready to bloom and the environment still cool. It was now 62°F and unusually warm for this month. Down below, third period made its halfway mark with only 23 minutes left. Currently, Octavia was taking her exam in Natural Disasters. The topic was earthquakes and volcanoes. Simple Earth Science topics, whizzing by the questions. Being pragmatic and prepared, always held onto her school materials knowing it could always be of future importance. Something she learned from her sophisticated, scholarly mom.

Other students weren't as up to par but to Octavia, it wasn't a competition. She did what she had to for her future. Optics mattered not! Of course, you had the Tri Royalty Brigade that did well, but for optics sake and to get into high class private colleges. Plus, they paid off other students and used their methods of persuasion to convince nerds to do their homework. But these nerds didn't have a spine and needed these elitists for protection against bullies. The ringleader Camilla would use her flirtatious and sophisticated charm to woo the jocks to leave the nerds alone. But a few nerds weren't corruptible, like Octavia. She knew how to stand up to the elite. She was intellectual as Spock and caring as Phoebe from Hey Arnold! (TV show)

However, while the rest of the student body was doing well one student was still feeling herself in .... well what a bladder might say is ..... the opposite of heaven. The marine biology class was paying close attention to the lecture on mollusks and squids. First came the squids and octopuses. "These large appendages don't just help to grab and swim but also for defense." Mr. Warner said. Everyone was so caught up in the lecture thanks to Mr. Warner's charisma and energy, except for Ashlynn Avalon. It was now 9:30 am (more than two hours since class started), and the strain was getting to her.

Her already tired body was under duress as she strained with all her might to hold it. Her kidneys kept pumping more fluid into the bloated sac below. From there, her bladder dumped more into her exit corridor and causing it to pain more as it tried to contain the growing ocean of doom. Her self-focused brain was bombarded with signals concerning the rising the pressure was reaching dangerous levels. Her stomach ached from being forced inwards and her breathing was more labored. Ashlynn tried to pay attention but doing so was impossible now. She spent several minutes of her class time fighting an incessant wave upon wave of desperation, fidgeting and shifting her legs and feet. She went so far as to wedge her hands and skirt to hold herself.

She thought about the marine life being ever so free to urinate and defecate freely in open waters. It was such as a freedom for which she felt jealousy. "The fishes can just go without the need for a bathroom and without fear or humiliation. I wish I could just go right now, letting out all my pee hot without consequence. Oh how it would be so freeing. I wish I could just pee alreadi-ow oh gawd. It hurts." Ashlynn thought to herself. "Boys don't have this problem. Why do we girls and women have it?" Ashlynn wondered.

As time passed, she could feel the ocean pushing against her exit corridor to the point whereby she could no longer contract her exit corridor. She could contract to hold it as tight as she wanted but it couldn't do more than that. Remember, her tired body didn't wake up like normally and using only what little fuel was pumped into her body. Plus, her exit corridor has been straining since this morning. It throbbed like crazy, sending signals for help and relief, wondering when it would be relieved from this torture. "Danger danger please release this ocean. Pressure reaching severe!" said her bladder and exit corridor.

It was 9:35 am and Ashlynn raised her hand to get her teacher's attention. "Mr. Warner" she said in a strained voice. "May I please go to the bathroom?". Mr. Warner replied "Didn't you go before during the time between classes? This is important for your quiz next week." But Ashlynn felt she was on the brink of an accident. "Please I have been ... holding it ... since morning. Before class, I went to the bathroom, but all the stalls were taken." Mr. Warner replied by saying "This is important biology you need to know. We have five more minutes of lecture before I put on the YouTube video. You can go then."

Mr. Warner continued his lecture despite Ashlynn’s please for the bathroom. Ashlynn didn't care to listen anymore. She just wanted to go urinate. She took out her cell phone and put on the voice recording app. Later on, she could get the notes for the class from a homework buddy. The next five minutes went by slowly and painfully as her need to go was again denied. Mr. Warner also closed the door for the video he wanted to present. Each second that went taunted Ashlynn as the minute hand moved slowly. It was as though time didn't want to move faster to tease this poor girl. It teased her to see long she can hold it, and perhaps enjoy watching her before spurting it all out.

Ashlynn quietly whimpered, crossing and double crossing her legs, bobbing up and down on her toes. At times, she shook her legs up and down trying to make the wave lessen, but to no avail. She couldn't hold back the ocean anymore as her exit corridor throbbed even more. There was just no further she could contract her urethra muscle (exit corridor and exit dam) which throbbed and quivered. She rocked back and forth in her seat as she couldn't hide her immense desperation. Ashlynn was tempted to run out of the classroom and not care if she was written up. Her need to go at this point was her only priority. Why was she barred from going she wondered.

Suddenly, a burst of wind came through the classroom filling the air with a chill. It not only blew a few papers but caused some to shudder. Ashlynn was one of those feeling the chill, threatening to make her shiver from the cold. Ashlynn did shiver a little and in doing so, dribbled for a half second. She gasped softly, flinching upwards in her seat. The damp feeling felt as though she was immersed in her waste. It felt uncomfortable and disgusting. Ashlynn raised her hand but was again denied. Mr. Warner was almost finished with his lecture despite the five minutes passing giving a last word on the matter.

"As you can see by this chart how much the mollusk community has grown since previous years" he continued. Ashlynn didn't care about that as she bobbed up and down in her seat. It was unbecoming of a senior, but she had to go before she spurted again. You would have thought a few spurts would have reduced the pressure and strain upon her body. It was replaced with more fluids. How was that possible? It was now 9:44 am as the lecture was complete. Mr. Warner entered Microsoft Edge browser, typed YouTube.com in search field and pressed Go. From there, he selected a marine life documentary and clicked on it. The page for the video appeared displaying the main video on the screen and other options on the surrounding page. Ashlynn thought "Finally I can go."

She got up from her seat, only to sit back down. Mr. Warner said she could leave once the video started. He pressed the arrow icon on the black video screen on the page to start the video. At first, the video screen displayed the icon for buffering before starting to play. It happens when the internet is a little slow. Mr. Warner assured the class his video would buffer and to give it a minute.

It was 9:45 am when it started buffering. However, as time went on it became apparent to the whole class the video wasn't going to finish buffering at all. For 3 whole minutes, the video displayed the buffering symbol unable to play itself. For Ashlynn, this nightmare was torture as her exit corridor and bladder screamed neurotransmitters to her brain about her worsening situation. With every moment that passed she could feel every pulse and throb down there, making her more frantic. By the time it was 9:48 am, it hit her like a ton of bricks. She leaned forward, clutching her skirt for dear life as she winced in pain. Her breathing was labored and her heart racing, beating hard in her frantic state.

Ashlynn felt another spasm from her bladder. This spasm felt like a sharp stab to her abdomen and as if something pulled or torn. Ashlynn was done waiting for approval and took action. Whether or not she was to face disciplinary action was irrelevant at this point. And why should she? For not wanting to wait for a transplant? Being healthy was more important than being a good little girl. It was now or never! Without thinking, as if possessed by some force or a spirit, she got up from her seat and ran to the door. Mr. Warner called out to Ashlynn who was she was already out the door.

The whole class saw this senior student behave like a little schoolgirl about to wet herself. One student commented to another. "Who is that?". The other student replied "I dunno but that is embarrassing." Outside in the hallways Ashlynn made her way to the girl's bathroom. Each step she took felt as though her flood gates would open from the vibrations made by her heels striking the ground. "Oh gawd oh gawd oh gawd" she repeated over and over again. Just as she came to the bathroom door her heart sank. She stood there bobbing up and down reading the "out of order" sign. Ashlynn, impatient and frantic, tried to open the door. But alas, it was locked.

In her anger she banged on the door when suddenly "(gasp)". The unthinkable happened. In her frantic haste, she took her focus off her exit dam. Her muscles down there relaxed a little and let loose a stream of her urine. She closed the hatch, but the damage was done. Although it was a 1-second stream, the inside of her thighs down to her feet and shoes were wetted by this stream. Ashlynn just "peed" herself and onto herself. And in the school hallway! Again!

It was now 9:50 am and time was running out for her to find relief. She had to find a suitable bathroom and fast. Despite losing some of her urine, her body was still cranking out more liquid to replace what she excreted. For now, Ashlynn was in serious trouble of having a worse accident. Any moment she might lose control again. Ashlynn remembered the bathroom nearby the middle stairwell and chose to go there. "Just hang on hang on hang on." Ashlynn told herself. A small dribble made its way down the middle like before. Ashlynn sucked in more air to keep the exit dam shut.
