Story With Zombies In It

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2012-11-11 22:02

Chapter 1

Disclaimer: This is my first post ever. If you don't like it, please don't hate on me.

There is also no wetting in this chapter

Finally, although this is a story with zombies in it, they don't appear until chapter 2 (which I haven't written yet)

The world turned upside down one day, whole countries virtually annihilated. Civilization shattered. The mutually assured destruction promised by the frantic buildup of nuclear weapons prevented, but at a cost. Some IDIOT fan of Max Brooks’ book the “Zombie Survival Guide” had decided that reality just didn’t seem good enough and CREATED the virus mentioned in the early part of the book, Solanum. A marvel of genetic engineering, the virus spread rapidly among the unbelieving and unsuspecting populace. Only an eighth of the world’s population survives today; some with food and water, others without. Most died to zombies, but many also fell to starvation, thirst, and trigger happy people. Electricity and plumbing were still up and running… partially.

But while all this happened, Alex slept peacefully next to her friend Lily. They had heard of news stories about zombies but dismissed them as “jokes”. Their parents too ignored such “preposterous fiction” as Alex’s father put it. Their families had decided to take a trip to Europe together as a graduation for Alex and Lily who had graduated from high school that summer. Now they were attending their freshmen year of college. They had gone skiing in the Swiss Alps. For such trips, their parents had a “no distractions” policy. This meant that they and their children would not, for the duration of the trip, contact anyone by mobile communications. Now on their return flight home, Lily opened the window and gazed out over the peaceful Atlantic Ocean.

“You mind?” complained Alex. “The sun’s in my eyes.”

Looking back at her companion, Lily realized the sun shone right past her directly on her friend’s face.

“Sorry,” she said lowering the window so that she could see the cloud formations while shading her friends face.

“Its fine,” yawned Alex settling back into her nap.

“How long until we get back?” asked Lily’s younger sister, Karen from the row behind.

“Sh!” protested Alex’s twin brother, Max who sat beside Karen. “Alex needs to sleep, she was up all night.”

“Oh? What for?” asked Lily turning in her seat.

“How should I know?” he responded, “I was sleeping.”

“Duh,” thought Lily mentally face palming herself. “Anyways, what are you two up to?”

“Well he’s apparently too busy playing [looks over at Max’s iTouch]. Wait, what is that game?”

“Its called Plants vs. Zombies,” replied Max, “Now stop distracting me! I plan on beating the next three levels before we land in [checks watch] about 30 minutes.

As if on cue, the intercom crackled to life. “Ladies and gentleman, please return to your seats and fasten your seat belts. We are beginning final descent. Our estimated time of arrival is 3 pm. Thank you.”

Lily turned back to her window to find the vast expanses of ocean replaced by urban sprawl and green countryside.

“Something happen?” asked Alex waking up at last. She shook her head to try to sweep her long brown hair out her face. Failing to do so, she gave up and used her hands to tuck her hair behind her ears. She gazed expectantly at Lily.

“We’re on final descent and should be at the airport within the half hour.”

“I’m going to go the bathroom then, I’ll be back in a bit.”

“Stop, you can’t,” said Karen pointing at the lit seat belt signal. “Otherwise I would have too,” she whispered.

“Well why didn’t you? You were awake,” Alex whispered back shifting uncomfortably in her seat.

“I didn’t want to disturb, Max.” Karen squirmed. She wished now she had asked Max to let her out earlier. She knew she was fine for the half-hour, but was still very worried.

Alex and Lily started up a conversation and chatted away happily. Karen, however, had nothing to distract her from her plight. As time wore on, she began to worry. She was now squirming constantly and was even tempted to just make a break for the restroom, but her shyness held her at bay. She tucked her leg up sat on her foot. This allowed her some relief, but she was still unable to stop squirming. She quickly glanced over at Alex.

Alex bit her lip. She was glad the airline provided a blanket since it allowed her to hold herself without it being seen by others. She too had tucked her foot under her and barely kept herself from squirming.

“Are you alright, Alex?” asked Lily. Alex could barely concentrate on her friend’s words now that her need had returned with a vengeance.

“Yeah, yeah. Sure I’ll be fine.” But she was not fine. Lily noticed her friend’s breath was slightly shallower and faster than normal.

“Hey its going to be alright,” sympathized Lily, laying a reassuring hand on Alex’s shoulder.

“And… Done!” exclaimed Max.

“Ladies and gentleman, at this time we are beginning final approach and must request that all electronics are turned off and put away. At this time, tray tables must also be put up and seats returned to their full upright position. Thank you.”

“Wow perfect tim-”

Karen abruptly shifted to face the window shoving a hand between her legs and accidentally whipping Max across the face with her ginger hair.

“Hey, what was that for?!” protested Max indignantly.

“I’m sorry!” squeaked Karen, “I didn’t…” Karen drew a calming breath and managed to withdraw her hand which, thankfully, Max hadn’t noticed. She turned to face him relaxing slightly as her hip protected her bladder from the seat belt.

“Its alright,” said Max rubbing his face, “Just don’t do that please.” Max grinned at Karen but noticed her squirming. “Is something wrong?”

“N-n-nothing’s wrong.” Karen tried to sit as still as possible, but it was too painful and she tried to casually cross her arms subtly holding herself with the one he couldn’t see.

“You sure you’re alright?” asked Max, a slight frown on his face. He couldn’t help noticing how attractive she looked with her a slight sheen of perspiration gracing her heart shaped face. Her long ginger hair was held back by a simple black hairband. Even as he awaited her response, she bit her lip and tucked her legs up to her chest.

Max draped his arm over her shoulders and whispered seriously, “Just remember, you can ask any of us [indicates himself, Lily, and Alex – whom he can’t see] if you ever need anything.”

Karen managed a small, distraught smile. But winced as the plane hit a spot of turbulence, bobbling wildly for a moment before touching down smoothly.

Despite the smooth landing, Alex was still in trouble. She had difficulty breathing and even holding herself, she was barely able to hold on. Her eyelids were glued shut and she tilted her head back.

“Just a little longer,” whispered Lily. She was worried for her friend. Although none of them had ever had an accident of any kind, Lily had never seen her friend in any situation nearly this bad before.

Even as the pilot announces that they have arrived at the gate. Karen and Alex were unfastening their seatbelts and rushing out of the airplane. Max stared in confusion as Karen roughly shoved her way past him and followed Alex in fighting her way to the exit about five rows in front of them.

“Its lucky we got seats so close to the gates” commented Lily. She leaned toward Max and said in hushed tones, “Alex really needs the restroom.”

“So that’s why they abandoned their bags,” said Max as realization dawned upon his face. “Hey can you get Alex’s bag? It feels like Karen brought weights with her.

“Why are you getting Karen’s bags?” asked Lily in bewilderment then turned to Karen’s empty seat. “Oh.”

“We better get off fast,” warned Max already pulling their Lily’s and Alex’s luggage out of the overhead bins. “I think we’re holding up the rest of the plane.”

“Right,” said Lily reaching for her’s and Alex’s stuff. When Max saw that she was unable to lift both Alex’s and her bags, he switched Lily’s bag to the same hand as his own and picked up Alex’s. “Go, go go.” He urged Lily and they hurried off the plane.

While this was happening, Alex and Karen were nearing relief. Alex hurried down the hall as fast she could. Looking up, she spotted a blue restroom sign and moved toward the opening.

“Wait Alex!”

“What?!” Alex responded, bending over and knotting her legs her hands at this point buried deep in her crotch, turning to face Karen.

Karen’s response was to point at something above Alex’s head, she grimaced as she struggled towards an opening across the hall from Alex. Her thighs were glued together as she concentrated on one thing: getting to the restroom without wetting herself.

Despite her awkward position, Alex managed to twist her head around enough to see that the sign above her head was for the guy’s restroom. Sighing and then wincing at the pressure against her bladder, Alex fought her way across the hall. Karen got there first and they each stumbled towards a different stall. The first thing Alex did in her stall was get her skirt out of the way and managed to get her panties down before relaxing upon the seat. She sighed in relief and buried her face in her hands.

Karen was less lucky, she just had to wear her jeans today. Despite having unbuttoned them long ago on the plane, she could still feel the effects of it’s waistband. “C’mon, c’mon, C’MON.” She managed to get the door shut and locked, but then had to fight with all her remaining strength to keep dry. Taking a deep breath, she managed to get her jeans and panties down and sit on the seat, all in one motion. Finally, she could relax. “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” she moaned allowing the tension to leave her cramped muscles.

*005*2012-11-13 11:54

Disclaimer: This chapter is essentially entirely for plot/zombie focused. All the interesting stuff starts next chapter.

Chapter 2:

Lily and Max waited patiently as other passenger disembarked the newly arrived flight from Switzerland where they had been vacationing. Max’s sister, Alex, and Lily’s sister, Karen, are currently using the ladies room down the vast hall. Lily and Alex were in their first year of college their first year of college and the vacation was a graduation present for the four of them, despite the fact that Max and Lily were still in their senior year of High School and would graduate that spring.

“Where are our parents?” wondered Max, tapping his foot impatiently.

“I thought they said they were near the middle of the plane. It was nice of them to let us all sit together without their supervision,” replied Lily.

“Yeah, well. They are just as much friends as we are, I guess they finally think we’ve grown up enough to look after ourselves,” mused Max, “Watch the bags will ya’? I’ll be right back.”

“Where are you going?” asked Lily as Max set his bags next to her and strode off down the hall.

He called over his shoulder, “I just don’t want to face the same plight Alex and Karen did.”

“Good idea,” thought Lily, “but who would watch the bags for me?”

A few minutes later, her parents and Alex’s parents finally straggled out of the gate chattering happily away about some of their most memorable moments from the week long ski trip. Lily hailed them with a wave and they went to join her.

“Where are the others?” asked Alex’s dad scanning the waiting area, his brow furrowed in confusion.

“They went to use the restroom,” replied Lily.

“Ah. But that doesn’t explain why the airport’s empty.”

“Empty?”

Lily turned. Now that she was really paying attention to her surroundings, she noticed that the only people around them were from their flight. All the tourist shops were closed and there was less noise than usual. In fact, the only things that could be heard were the whirring of electronic equipment somewhere far below them and the confused chatter of their fellow passengers. Even as she scanned the empty hall, Karen and Alex came out of the ladies’ room and were walking back. Max quickly caught up with Karen and Alex and the three of them rejoined Lily and their parents.

“Does anyone have any idea what’s going on?” asked Lily’s mom.

“Yeah,” Max replied, speaking hurriedly. “Apparently there is such a thing as a real zombie. There were warning notices in the restroom telling security guards to thoroughly clean their hands thoroughly if they had contact with any zombies to avoid infection.”

“You’re joking,” said his father. “This hogwash has gone far enough. There is no way such a thing exists. If they did, how come the ground crew is unloading our bags?”

“They’re unloading our bags?!” Max ran to the window and saw that there was some ground crew unloading our bags. “But… that’s extremely dangerous! What about the zombies? Aren’t they worried about an attack?”

At that moment, the aircrew came out of the exit gate yelling for everyone’s attention. “Everybody listen up! You can collect your luggage at Carousel 5B. Watch out on the ground floor for zombies that haven’t wandered away yet. If you think what you see is human, yell at it to wave its hands, if it doesn’t… run for it. Zombies slouch around but don’t take that lightly, they don’t stop. Ever. The ground crew is still here because any of them that tried to leave were torn apart by zombies beyond the fences.

They’re figured since they’re stuck here until more zombies leave that they might as well help out. Make sure you thank them if you see any of them.”

On that happy note, the aircrew walked away down the hall leaving in their wake a stunned silence.

“Let’s get our bags quick and see if we can’t get out of here,” said Lily’s mom. “We need some way to figure out if there are any safe areas.”

“Shouldn’t we stay here? It seems safe here,” commented Lily’s dad.

A man appeared at the end of the hall. His eyes twitched and his body was covered in blood with great pieces of his flesh torn away. He started ambling towards them, a guttural rumble issuing from his slack jawed mouth. Someone yelled at him to wave, but he did not. Even as he staggered towards them, more people like him appeared at the end of the hall. An old lady, a young man in a business suit, an old man crawling upon the floor; at least 20 totally different in many aspects but all alike in their seeming single minded movement towards the terrified passengers and their terrifying moans which resounded through the empty hall mingling with the passengers’ screams.

“Let’s go that way towards the more outer gates,” said Alex’s mom. “I think there’s a way to the carousels that way.”

The eight of them grabbed their various bags and rushed away from the incoming zombies. 100 yards down the hall, they shot left down a much narrower corridor following overhead signs that directed them for what seemed like forever, but was in fact just a few minutes.

“Can we slow down please?” begged Karen. “I can’t…” She stumbled to a halt clutching a stitch in here chest. She set her bag down and leaned against the nearest wall gasping for air. She felt like her lungs were on fire and her legs would give out at any moment.

“We’re nearly there.” Alex pointed towards a huge staircase and escalators that led to the first floor just a bit further down the hall.

“Can you walk at least?” asked Lily, frowning at Karen with concern. Unlike the others, Karen did not participate in any sports or work out. Although fit, she wasn’t as tall as the others and was in worse shape.

“I think.” Karen gulped more air trying to force her head to stop spinning. “I can.” She grabbed her bag but when she tried to lift it, she found that her arms no longer had the strength. She dragged the bag determinedly towards the others.

“Where are the other passengers?” asked Lily’s dad.

“I think they went straight when we turned left,” replied Max as he walked over to where Lily was still trying to lift her bag. He lifted it with a little difficulty. “Don’t pack so much next time. What would you need all this stuff on the plane for? Why didn’t you put it in your luggage?”

“My suitcase was full,” moaned Karen massaging her aching arms. “I… probably over packed.”

“I should say,” commented Lily. “Now come on I think the carousel’s already running.”

They went down the stairway with Karen lagging only a little as she tried to recover. Now that her heart rate was returning to normal and the adrenaline faded, Lily realized that it might have been a good idea to use the restroom earlier, but she found it unimportant compare to the events that had just occurred.

They exited the stairwell and arrived in a huge room with five carousels. Looking to her right, Lily spotted their luggage on carousel the next room over. A couple passengers were already there. And a few more were arriving from a nearby stairwell. All of them looked exhausted.

Alex and Lily fast walked to the carousel and started grabbing luggage while the others went and got a drink at the water fountain.

“Is that one Max’s?”

“Yeah, I think so. What does your mom’s look like again?”

“I think its… never mind she’s already got it.”

The others had also arrived and grabbed their luggage off the carousel. Again Lily was reminded of her need, but she ignored it. Karen had recovered enough by this point to carry her own bags, but she still appeared to be having trouble.

“How far away is the car?” Karen asked, she grimaced and set down her carry-on again.

The electric sliding doors slid open and in walked another zombie. He immediately set off towards the nearest person, a young man with a trunk, his jaw slack and giving the most horrible moan. The young man’s response was to whack the zombie so hard in the head with his trunk that the zombie’s neck broke. The zombie’s facial features continued to move, but the rest of its body lay limp. The young man grunted and kicked the head away.

“We should get out of here immediately,” ordered Alex’s dad, heading towards the nearest elevator which was, conveniently, near the carousel, “Once we’re in the car, we’re basically home free.”

“Just remember to stay off the highways, dear,” cautioned Alex’s mom as Lily, Karen, and their parents crammed into an elevator car. “There’s surely been an accident with all the people rushing everywhere. We’ll meet you guys at that shopping center just north of here, alright?

“That’s perfect,” called Lily’s dad as the doors shut. “Could someone hit the ‘3’ please?”

Lily reached past Karen and hit the button wincing at the extra pressure of her bag pressing against her bladder. She quickly leaned back against the wall of the elevator.

“Hey dad?”

“Yes?”

“Can we make a quick stop on the way there?”

“What on earth for?”

“Well I, uh…”

BING. The rest of Lily’s request was lost in the noise of the doors opening to reveal an almost empty parking structure. One of the remaining cars was her family’s Sequoia; Alex’s family’s Range Rover was parked on the level below.

“What were you saying dear?” asked Lily’s mom.

“I kinda need a restroom,” admitted Lily her cheeks glowing.

“Do you really think just stopping at some random place is safe?”

“Well we’re meeting them at a shopping center. Isn’t that bound to be full of zombies?”

“Normally that would be correct,” said Lily’s dad opening the trunk and loading their bags. “However, I noticed that one of those signs warning of the zombies is over half a week old. By this point, either the survivors have fortified it or abandoned it. If they’ve abandoned it, most of the zombies should have wandered off since the shopping center is the only thing there.”

Lily got in the car and fastened her seat belt. She unbuttoned her jeans and carefully smoothed her shirt down over them so that it couldn’t be seen. “How far away is it?” she asked as Karen also sat down and buckled herself in.

“About an hour,” said her dad as he started the car.

As they drove towards the exit ramp, Lily took stock of her situation. By unbuttoning her jeans she had relieved enough pressure to relax for now, but she wasn’t sure how bad things were going to get during the next hour. It certainly didn’t help that she had had that soda since the last time she went more than 3 hours ago aboard the plane.

Little did she know that Karen was having similar thoughts. Unlike Lily, she had just drunk a lot of water and although she had just used the restroom less than half an hour ago, she was worrying about tired her muscles were. She had barely made it in time and it was only the fact that they had been seated near the front of the plane that had saved her from wetting herself. For now though, she was fine and she put the matter from her mind as she looked out the window looking for more zombies. They reached the second level just as the tail lights from Alex’s car disappeared down a ramp heading for the exit.

Lily’s mother shrieked causing Lily and Karen to snap out of their reveries and look forward just in time to see the zombie go flipping up over the windshield. But that wasn’t the worst of it. The entire bottom level was filled with zombies and dead bodies. They smashed their way through the horde crunching sickeningly over zombies or smashing them out to of the way. Just ahead of them, Alex’s dad gunned the engine sending the Range Rover through a solid wall of undead flesh and exiting to the left, clearing a path for Lily’s family. “I don’t think our insurance covers zombie damage,” commented Lily wryly as the remaining zombies were obliterated against the windshield.

“Don’t joke right now. Please.” Karen ducked and cowered as the car fishtailed wildly, narrowly missing a pillar.

The Sequoia shot out onto the surprisingly open exit ramp and barreled towards the highway following the Range Rover. Only the occasional zombie was actually on this part of the road, but it was still full of abandoned cars. Lily found the constant swerving very uncomfortable for her bladder. She crossed her legs and tried to brace herself, but it was still distressing her. Her cell phone rang loudly, she picked it up and was greeted by Alex’s voice.

“Hi Alex, what are you calling for?”

“We’re going to take a rather unorthodox route. Can you get your folks to follow us?”

“Uh… sure.”

“Thanks.”

Alex ended her call and turned to Max. “Now, what was this great shortcut you were going to direct us on?”

*007*2012-11-14 15:30

{{:

This is pretty good. I thought it was unrealistic that airlines are still transporting people overseas during a zombie apocalypse, an the introduction of the zombies was pretty random, but besides those things within the chapter I really like how you write. And I already like all your characters. Not to mention, I've been kind of obsessed with zombie-apocalypse-themed stuff lately, so I'm glad to see this one on here. Keep it up!

}}

Yeah... I figured as much.

Thank you for the feedback. I left out the longer explanation because the chapter was already so long for a chapter that's merely there for plot. I guess I could rewrite the chapter, but its probably not worth it at this point.

Does anyone know if it is possible to edit previous posts?

*010*2012-11-15 15:25

I would like to again thank all the wonderful people who have given me feedback. Hopefully I can improve my writing style as the story continues.

Chapter 3

The sun was setting, casting its pinkish glow about the inside of the Range Rover as Alex relaxed in the back seat playing game on her brother, Max’s, iTouch. The car bumped again and for the umpteenth time, Alex failed to aim her corn cob missile correctly. She growled in frustration and raked her hand through her hair, accidentally pulling out a few. Little did she know that her friend Lily and Lily’s sister, Karen, in the car behind them were having much worse problems.

Lily winced as the Sequoia bumped over yet another hill. Her blonde hair obscured her vision and she swept it aside only to have it fall back again when they careened down the other side of the hill. The hair, however, was the least of her problems. She squirmed silently her legs tightly crossed. She looked out the window, but there didn’t appear to be anything in sight. Just grass and hills as far as she could see. She groaned and retreated back into her thoughts. Why did they have to take Max’s cross country trek? It did cut 15 off of the fastest normal route, but only by driving over such rough terrain that it was thoroughly testing her ability to control herself. Now, with just under a quarter of an hour until they got there, Lily was struggling to keep herself from using her hands. Despite the fact everyone in the car was her family, she was still too shy to such openly convey her need.

“Hey, we’re nearly back to the roadway,” said Karen pointing towards the black ribbon extended away to the left and right. Cars lay strewn about, either abandoned or wrecked. Bodies lay like fallen leaves among the metal hulks. A lone zombie could be seen eating its way through a person’s stomach. At the sound of the engines revving, the zombie left its meal and lurched towards the two cars zooming towards it. Karen lost track of things as she dealt with the discomfort of her bladder. Her muscles were still aching after nearly wetting herself on the flight back. She shifted and tried to settle back into her seat, but she could not alleviate the pressure building within her.

“We’re only about 10 miles away now,” said their father as he turned into a lane. “I think that’s the shopping center over there.” He pointed to a black smudge somewhere ahead and a little to the right. “How are you guys doing? Oops.” He swerved around a truck and nearly ran into a pile up.

Karen glanced at Lily. Lily looked scared, she was biting her index finger and some of her hair was plastered to her face. In short, Lily looked as bad as Karen felt. Karen really wanted to unbutton her jeans but, unlike Lily, her sweater wasn’t long enough to hide her button. She squirmed and lay a hand on her stomach. Lily sat up, but then gasped and bent forward. “Just get there as fast as possible please, I really need the restroom.” She tucked up her heel and thrust her hands between her legs. This bought her some relief but she didn’t know whether it would be enough, already her control was slipping and she didn’t how much longer she could wait; it was taking all her strength to hold back the impending flood.

Karen was thankful that they were finally back on the much smoother tarmac. Now her bladder wasn’t being jostled around so much; not that it wasn’t still causing her grief. She couldn’t take it anymore and unbuttoned her jeans. Hopefully there wouldn’t be that many people at the shopping center. Karen’s aching muscles screamed for relief and she finally relented, holding herself with both hands.

The shopping center grew quickly from a small dot into a huge, sprawling complex. Giant stores and small shops crowded against each other as roads spread out in every direction. The place appeared deserted, but it was hard to tell with all refuse, rotting bodies, and cars.

Lily’s phone rang and she picked it using only one hand. Her other was still being squashed between her thighs. “Hello?” she asked in a quavery voice, fighting her body and still barely staying dry.

“Hi Lily. You see that giant IKEA on the left?” Lily craned her neck around and identified the large building. Normally she would have been astounded by the gigantic 5 story complex. As it was, her mind was focused on more pressing issues. “Yeah” she acknowledged. “You wanna meet there or something?”

“Sure, we’re just gonna check out the rest of the area first. You might consider doing the same.”

“Fat chance” thought Lily. To Alex she said, “We’re just gonna go straight there. See you in a bit.” Lily ended her call, but didn’t bother returning it to her pocket. She dropped the phone on the floor. “We’re supposed to meet the others-” She gasped and held on tighter, the effort nearly caused her to black out. She didn’t know how much longer she could last. She didn’t even know if she could last the next minute. Her quickly tiring body quivering with the effort of staying dry, Lily managed to tap Karen’s shoulder and point to the IKEA.

Karen got the point. “They want to meet us at the IKEA,” she said. She stared with mounting hope at the tan and glass building and the promise of a restroom within. Hopefully her tired muscles would hold out long enough. She couldn’t relax or she knew she would wet herself. “This shouldn’t be happening to me,” she thought helplessly.

The inside of the garage complex was a complete mess. The upper levels of the garage were blocked off by a pile up, but there was still, almost miraculously, remained enough space to park the car near the entrance.

Karen and Lily carefully unbuckled their seat belts rejoicing in the relief it brought. Karen managed to extricate herself from the car and hobbled towards the sliding doors which had been broken and jammed wide open. A dark eating area and checkout loomed on her left. About 50 yards away, a sign for the restrooms was visible on the right wall. “Not again”, thought Karen. The experience was reminding her all too well of her desperate flight (literally and figuratively) of an hour ago. “Stay behind me,” said her dad. “I don’t want you get jumped by any leftover zombies.” At the moment, Karen didn’t care about the zombies, all her focus was on hopefully attaining the same outcome the last time she was placed in this position.

Lily on the other hand, was still standing next to the car. Unbuckling the seat belt may have relieved her of some pressure, but standing up had brought it all back. Now she was hunched over awkwardly, her legs tightly crossed over her hands. She managed to stumble forward a few feet, but this small amount of motion was almost too much for her bladder and she was forced to stop. She was stuck between staying here and certainly wetting herself or trying her way to the restroom and almost certainly wetting herself. Instead, she chose a third option. She hobbled towards the nearest car and managed to get behind it. Not even checking for zombies, she popped a squat. Now that she could take her mind off her bladder, she cast a sharp eye around the parking lot and noticed a gang of zombies on the entrance ramp being blocked by the pileup and guard rails. Hurriedly, she stopped and pulled her pants back up.

“Lily, where are you?” Lily’s mom stood in the doorway. Immediately the gaggle of zombies started moaning and trying to move towards her, but they were still blocked by the guard rails and cars. Lily’s mother shrieked and ducked back in the doorway. The zombies returned to their random milling and stumbling. The silence was now broken only by the shuffling of many feet. Lily made a break for it, but was forced to slow to a walk. Her interrupted pee break meant that she still badly needed pee, but she thought she could make it anywhere in the first level. Fortunately for her, the restroom was fairly close. She made her way quickly past her parents who were deep in conversation just outside the restroom and found that all the stalls were locked. “How can this be?” she thought miserably.

“There’s absolutely no one here and ALL the stalls are locked?” She danced in place, the sound of her feet hitting the floor echoing in the tiny room. The sound of running water could be heard coming from who knew where, but it certainly wasn’t helping her predicament. All at once, the sound of running water stopped.

Karen pulled up her pants and flushed the toilet. She unlocked her stall door and opened it, nearly getting run over. She was shoved out as Lily forced her way in and locked the door. Now that she was fine, Karen made sure to wash her hands. “You ok Lily?” she asked. Karen was concerned about Lily having seen firsthand how badly Lily had needed to pee. Karen winced even as she asked, of course Lily wasn’t ok. Lily’s reply was to moan in relief. Karen was so startled she nearly ran from the room. “Lily?”

Lily finally registered that Karen was talking to her. “Yeah? What?”

Karen breathed a sigh of relief and tried to calm her racing heart. “I’ll be with our parents.” Karen then exited leaving Lily to enjoy her relief.

