Resistance is futile

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-10-02 00:23

Hi again. It's been awhile since my last post in fiction. This story post won't be as exciting as my last. This story is more mundane and common a scenario. It is a sequel to Bursting School Day Bladders! The protagonist is one of Ashlynn's friends. I hope you enjoy the story.

Summary: A female student is desperate for the bathroom but tries holding off to finish her studies. As time passes, she finds it harder to remain focused to the end. Eventually, she had to make a decision.

Plot: Tonight was like any other night at the Starr household. As usual, Mrs. Starr was washing the dishes while her husband completed some reports for work. The youngest of the Starr offspring chatted up a storm on her smart phone with her friends on the latest gossip. However, one member of the household locked herself in her room, keeping all the windows shut and quiet.

This person was none other than the very intelligent, studious, academically-serious, and still the Vice President of Nolan James High School, Octavia Starr. She always put her studies and education first before taking some time out for decompression. These days (3rd week of May), Octavia put all her hours towards her studies for the impending regents and impressing the college she applied.

Mrs. Starr always impressed upon her daughters to be driven and put education first. It is why Octavia always did so well in her classes and always thought ahead. And her maturity too. But sometimes, she did over do it with at times skipping a meal or not taking several hours for a break. At times, not even a pee break. Her mother missed out on career opportunities but made sure her daughters didn't.

Sadly, this mindset didn't rub off on the youngest of the Starr family, Naurah (Nor•rah) Starr. She was Octavia's youngest and only living sister. She loved frivolous gossip and hanging out with friends, or playing pokemon on her gameboy advance sp. Naurah settled for B+ to A- grades. She wasn't so serious about getting high marks and becoming a nerd like her sister.

Recently, the physics lessons centered around electrostatic forces, magnetism, calculating Coulombs of charges, electrical circuits and electrochemistry. Octavia found herself struggling to understand certain concepts and paid more attention towards these topics. In two days, was an exam on this topic and Octavia didn't waste time to study.

As soon as she came home (around 2:20 pm), she finished her homework, skimmed through her other reading assignments, and began focusing on her physics homework. From 4:00 pm until now (8:30 pm), Octavia's mind focused on the world of static charges, calculating Coulombs and the strength of electrical currents, determining amperes, the relationship between electrostatic forces and magnetism, the anatomy of electrical batteries and circuits.

In all that time, Octavia didn't once use the bathroom since her lunch period (before buying lunch). All the soda and water she drank kept collecting into her bladder and urethra. But you know her! When she is determined to learn and understand, noting will stand in her way. Not even the call of nature. That is way of her mother's training and her own way as an aspiring scientist. But by this point (8:30 pm), Octavia was beginning to make mistakes in her studies.

"Gibbs Free .. energy is p- positive when the reaction is ... uh is uuuuu-oh right spontaneous in a battery. The symbol is a ... +(delta symbol)G." Octavia said to herself. "Chemical reactions for a battery that are positive are ... are ... oh come on you know this." She was forgetting certain information, shaking her leg up and down rapidly to distract herself from her bladder signals.

She could feel the stinging pang and fullness of her bladder, as well as the pressure of urethra. They were informing her it was time for a toilet break. But Octavia continued to persist in her studies. As time passed, she wasn't occasionally putting her hand on her lower region. Her need steadily rose and continued to make itself. She shook her leg up and down more rapidly than before.

After about 45 minutes, she found herself struggling to focus on her work. "Parallel circuits have one pathway for electricity to travel whereas series circuits ... no series circuits have only one pathway. Come one stupid Octavia. Focus!". She continued her studies, shaking her leg and swaying side to side in her chair to curb her urge to go.

In the back of her mind, she knew she had to stop for a toilet break. But time was of the essence to learn the material. Time wasting wasn't acceptable to her. Octavia looked over the material for circuits and electrochemistry. Her breathing became more labored, her leg shook more rapidly, and the fidgeting only continued. She kept her hand on her crotch and shifting her feet, crossing them one way followed by the other, and reverse again.

After another 20 minutes, she just couldn't take it anymore. "R-robert Milikan's experiment u-using a drop of oil and two plates of electricity showed what was the ... was the ... charge of 1 Coulomb ... o for crying out loud!" Octavia got up, unlocked the door, and made her way out to the hallway. After passing her sister's room was the bathroom. Upon turning the knob, she found it stiff. It was locked. "Unbelievable! Of ourse my sister would hog the bathroom for her gossiping and make up."

Octavia made her way to the bathroom downstairs and proceeded to close the door. She lowered her skirt and underwear, then herself onto the toilet. She relaxed her muscles and unleashed her golden liquid. For 20 seconds, the inside of the bathroom sounded with the impact of urine against the water of the toilet bowl. Once done, she used a watering can to wash herself, dried herself off, and washed her hands. After she pulled up her clothes, she flushed and left the bathroom.

Octavia went back to her bedroom only to meet with Naurah. "Next time you have to use the bathroom, do your business and get out. It's not for your own personal gossip room." Octavia left for her room in a huff. Naurah looked at her sister wondering what was the scolding for. She shrugged her shoulders and went back to her room across the hall from Octavia's room.

Octavia continued her studies until 10:00 pm.

