Mind Swap pee

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2023-01-15 18:37

You know those shows where people swap brains? Like two people - usually male and female, I have noticed - will get zapped by a machine and will have each other’s brains. Well, my omorashi mind has always wondered… is it weird for them to go to the bathroom? So, I decided to write a story about that. Enjoy! 🙂

Julie and Brian entered the large chamber that was the meeting hall. The duo sat down on one end of the circular table. Before them sat their boss, Lusia and besides her was Dexter with his clipboard at the ready to jot down notes. The large projection screen showed the image of a scary looking device. The contraption had wires connecting two large helmets. Coming off of each helmet were incredibly sharp spikes. The helmets lit up blood red. Below the helmets were two metal chairs that had locks on the arm and leg rests. Blue lights flashed behind the device. Unfortunately, Julie and Brian knew this device all too well.

“Brian, Julie…” Lusia caught herself. “I mean,” she looked at Brian and said, “Julie.” Luisa then turned to Julie. “Brian… Welcome… I take it your mission was a failure?”

“Not entirely,” Julie’s voice came from Brian’s body. “We did manage to retrieve the energy source Dr. Keres stole.”

Brain - trapped inside Julie’s body - placed a second device on the table. The device was a bright blue box that had a tower sticking out the top. Electricity sparked from the bulb at the top of the metal tower.

Lusia’s eyes lit up. “Well done, you two!” She cried. “You two make a fabulous team!”

“Yeah, we do,” Brain agreed, crossing Julie’s legs tightly. “But we are still trapped in each other’s bodies. What do we do?”

“Also, we may have retrieved the stolen power source,” Julie added. “But Dr. Keres got away.”

“That’s our next step. Find the doctor and send him to justice. I’ll wager he had the mind switcher with him. Dexter,” Lusia turned to her assistant. “Please instruct the agents to track down Dr. Keres and go in to capture him.”

“We can do that, Luisa,” Julie protested.

Lusia shook her head. “Sorry, but I request that you two stay here and out of trouble,” Lusia twirled her hair uncomfortably. “I mean, you two are in each other’s bodies. You won’t know how to properly fight. It must be difficult to fight in someone else’s body. You don’t understand each other’s body or its limits. I’m sure you will learn how to work each other’s bodies better within time. But as for now, you two should stay here and stay out of trouble.”

“But…” Julie began.

“Sorry,” Lusia stood. “Do not worry. We should get the mind switcher back in no time. Just try and relax until then.” With that, Lusia and Dexter fled the room.

“Unbelievable,” Julie slumped in her seat, folding her arms across her chest. Julie got startled for a second, frightened that her breasts had disappeared. Then she remembered how she was in Brain’s body. Perhaps Luisa had a point about her and Brian not understanding each other’s bodies just yet. This brain swap thing was still kind of new to them. “I have worked in this secret crime fighting agency for fifteen years! And they refuse to let me fight… What’s wrong with you?” Julie noticed Brain - well, her own body - was squirming around quite a bit. Brain kept Julie’s legs crossed. He even occasionally grasped at Julie’s crotch. Julie wanted to yell at him for touching her down there. (Even if it was now technically Brain’s body). But Julie could sense there was something wrong.

“I’m fine,” Brian mumbled. “Just, umm… You have to, eh… Go to the bathroom…”

Julie’s face dropped. “Oh…”

“It’s… Kind of urgent too…” Brian bit Julie’s lip. “Why is your bladder so small, Julie… And that dumb coffee you had for breakfast is not helping!”

Julie has always had issues with her bladder captivity. Julie may have been super skillful at kicking criminal butt. But she wasn’t the most skilled at holding in her pee.

Julie truthfully felt extremely uncomfortable with her best friend and field partner seeing her pee. Correction… Brian would be peeing for her! Julie wished this whole thing could be avoided. But there was no telling when Dr. Keres would be arrested and Julie and Brian would switch back. And Julie was well aware that Brian… Herself… Whatever… Didn’t have that long. Brian was rocking Julie’s body back and forth as he grasped her genitalia and chewed her lip in utter desperation.

“Okay,” Julie said. “Go to the bathroom, then.”

“N… No…” Brian choked. “I can wait… You can wait, I mean…”

“I can never wait!” Julie corrected. “Just go for me, Brian.”

“I can’t…”

“Why?”

“Because…”

“Because why?”

“I don’t want to see you naked…” Brian stammered.

Julie paused. She hadn’t considered that. Julie was too focused on how this would be embarrassing for her to have Brian pee for her. Until now, Julie hadn’t taken a moment to realize how Brian must be feeling. It must be every bit as uncomfortable for him as it was for her. Brian was not only forced to pee as a girl, but his partner/good friend, nonetheless.

Julie had to admit that she had a great friend. After switching bodies with a woman, the first thing most men did was to check out their new female body naked. But even in his desperate need, Brian didn’t want to take so much as a peek.

“I know this is awkward, but I seriously don’t want to have an accident! Or hurt myself,” Julie told her friend. “Please go pee for me. I don’t mind. I swear.”

“You sure…”

Julie nodded.

“Okay… Let’s go…”

Julie and Brian stood outside the bathroom doors. Brain had Julie’s body hunched over as he grasped at the crotch of her jeans. Julie meanwhile looked back and forth from the bathroom doors. Men. Women. Men. Women. Men. Women. Julie has no idea where s/he should go. Was there a bathroom dedicated to men trapped inside a woman’s body? Curse public businesses and their lack of gender equality bathrooms!

“Julie… I… You can’t hold much longer…” Brian moaned.

Brian could feel the pressure of Julie’s full bladder slamming down against her sphincter. Julie’s stomach was bulging ever so slightly as Brian fought to keep his friend’s muscles clamped shut. The two cups of coffee Julie drank that morning were pressing down on her pelvic floor. Brian could feel Julie’s panties wrinkle as he tugged and grasped at her aching crotch.

“Okay… You’re female on the outside!” Julie decided. “Use the women’s restroom.”

“W… Will anyone get upset?”

“Most people here don’t even know you and I are switched,” Julie pointed out. “And even then, you have to go somewhere!”

“I’m about to go in your pants…”

“Go,” Julie ushered Brian into the ladies’ restroom. Julie then stood back with Brian’s arms folded. Julie felt a twitch down inside Brian’s bladder. Brian had to pee too. Julie looked around. She may have looked like Brian on the outside, but she was still wary of people seeing her enter the men’s room. Julie then turned and pushed the men’s room door open, stepping inside.

Brain waddled into the women’s bathroom. To his surprise, this place looked exactly like the men’s room. The only difference that Brian could see was obviously, no urinals. There was also a tampon dispenser. Other than that, everything looked the same.

Brain could feel Julie’s bladder ready to pop. It hurt to hold. Brain felt Julie’s pee hole twitch as it fought back a rather strong wave.

Brian finally made it into an open stall. He slammed the door and locked it shut. Turning around, the very slight of the toilet was enough to make Brian (actually Julie) ready to lose all control right then and there. Just glancing at the toilet added heaps of pressure onto Julie’s sphincter that Brian was sure wasn’t there before.

Brain hesitated. He was still reluctant about looking at Julie naked. Brian would try his hardest not to look, but he knew he might have to for certain parts of this ‘project’. Another strong wave of urgency - along with some very slight leakage - was more than enough to convince Brian to suck it up and get this over with.

Brian’s hands fumbled, trying to unfasten Julie’s stupid belt. Belt finally off, Brian unzipped and unbuttoned Julie’s jeans. Doing this was enough to reduce some of the pressure. But another wave was coming on. Brian nearly doubled over trying to hold back the ocean that was striking Julie’s sphincter muscle.

Brian could see Julie’s cobalt blue panties through the opening of her jeans. Brian took a deep breath and in a few swift movements, he yanked down Julie’s jeans. Then he pulled her panties to her knees. Brian spun around and sat Julie’s bum on the seat. An instant gushing was heard as it propelled from Julie’s spasming urethral opening.

Brian had to chew Julie’s tongue to keep from sighing in absolute heavenly relief. It felt so blissful to get all of this pressure off of Julie’s bladder. The smell in the air had the slightest hint of coffee, indicating what Julie had to drink earlier that day. Brian was finally able to relax as he simply sat Julie back on the porcelain throne and listened to the strong hissing of golden nectar as it splashed down into the clear water of the toilet bowl.

Brian heard a small fart and quickly realized that Julie had become flatulent for a mere moment. Brian felt Julie blush.

A moment passed as Brian allowed Julie to hose down the toilet bowl.

“Hey, Julie,” a voice called.

Brain sat ridged on the bowl.

“Is that you?” The voice asked. Brian recognized the voice as Lacey, one of Julie’s girl friends.

Brian didn’t dare speak. He may be in Julie’s body, but he still had his own voice. The last thing he needed was to weird anyone out when these ladies heard the sound of a man’s voice. Maybe if Brian was silent Lacey would assume she was mistaken, and Julie wasn’t the person inside this stall.

“Julie?” Lacey’s voice came from the stall next to Brian.

Why did women talk to each other in the stalls anyway? Men never spoke to one another at the urinal! It was an unwritten law of the men’s room. And if men did speak to each other, it was very rare. And based solely on rumors Brian has heard over the years, women meanwhile are always chatting from stall-to-stall. Brian had believed this to be false. He had no idea how two people could have a conversation while peeing. But after hearing Lacey speak to him/Julie, Brian slowly began to believe this rumor.

“Julie?” Lacey called again. The sound of Lacey’s own urine stream was semi-loud from the stall next door. “Julie, you in there? How did it go fighting Dr. Keres this morning?”

Brian continued to remain silent.

“Julie?” Lacey asked. “Julie?”

Nothing.

Lacey fell silent, apparently having given up. Brain sure hoped Lacey didn’t take her anger out on Julie for this later. But if Lacey knew the situation, she would thank Brain for this later.

Brian stared straight ahead. He may be peeing for Julie, but he refused to look at her any more than he had to. Brian and Julie were strictly friends. Best friend and partners at their origination, but friends, nonetheless. It would be sooo inappropriate to look at Julie naked! Still, Brian was highly tempted to take a quick peek at her peeing. More importantly, Brian was anxious to see what he looked like to pee with a vulva. That was surely a sight that Brian would never see again.

Finally, the temptation became too great, and Brain promised himself just a quick glimpse. Brain spread Julie’s legs on the bowl and looked down. Brian was amazed. It took his male brain a moment to fully grasp what he was seeing.

Dangling from Julie’s crotch, hanging in the bowl were extra-long and wrinkled lips. The left lip stretched farther than the right. Squirting in a thick stream between the two was a quick geyser of pale-yellow piss. Droplets flew from the mainstream and landed on Julie’s lips, causing them to glitter in the light of the bathroom. Brian found himself smiling as he watched the stream gush from between Julie's lips and land into the water below, making the surface ripple as the clear water turned a fast shade of yellow. Julie’s pubes were covered in hair, but Brian found that pretty awesome. Most women give into societal pressures to look a certain way. But what way is better than looking natural?

Brain soon heard a flush and a stall door opened. It all occurred directly next to Brain, informing him that Lacey had finished her business and was leaving the ladies’ room. Brain decided to wait an extra moment just in case. He still has a little left in Julie’s tank anyway.

Julie’s stream soon came to a close. Feeling that she had a little more, Brian gave a slight push. A strong gush was heard as the remaining bits of Julie’s pee fell from her pee hole, between her labia, into the toilet water. Along with them, Brian felt Julie’s anus widen and shrink as another fart was pushed out.

Brian again smiled as he heard the dribbling sound of the last drops fall from Julie’s labia into the bowl. No matter whose body you are in… There is no better feeling than emptying a full bladder!

Brain ripped off a sheet of toilet paper. Having grown up with three sisters, Brain knew the drill all too well. Always wipe front to back! Brian carefully lifted Julie off the bowl. Just enough so he could place the toilet paper on the front of Julie’s vulva. Brian ran the sheet of crumpled up paper backwards, covering the entire area. Brian then threw the soaking wet sheet into the bowl. Inside the toilet bowl sat a large yellow lake. Floating on it was the sheet of toilet paper, looking like an iceberg in the yellow sea.

Brian bid ado to Julie’s pussy as he pulled up her undies and jeans, fashioned her belt, buckled and zipped. Brian then flushed the toilet and watched all of Julie’s bladder contents along with the ruined toilet paper wash away down the pipes.

Julie entered the men’s room and was initially shocked at how clean it was. She had heard stories from Brian and her brother about how nasty and messy the men’s room is. It’s a running joke on TV and the media that the men’s room is a horror zone. Julie had entered expecting the worst. But the men’s room in actuality was nearly spotless… Nearly. There was a small puddle of pee here and there. But it was much cleaner than Julie had expected it to be.

Julie was also pleased to gaze upon the urinals. Julie had only seen these guys in pictures and on TV.

The bathroom was completely empty. Julie made her way to the only stall in the men’s room. But she stopped herself. Julie glanced back at the urinal attached to the wall. Julie was trapped inside a man’s body. Julie has always imagined what it would be like to pee as a man. But she has also often considered what it would be like to use a urinal. This was her chance. She may never have this opportunity again.

Julie looked around. The bathroom was totally empty. Julie grinned as she looked at the shining porcelain urinal.

Julie took a deep breath and approached the center urinal. Julie undid Brian’s belt and unzipped his jeans. Julie felt extra weird about doing this. But she knew there was no other way. Besides, Brian would probably have to touch Julie’s pussy at some point too. So, they were even.

Julie fished around inside Brian’s jeans. She found his penis and navigated it through the fly of his boxers and aimed it at the urinal. Brian had a nice neat, circumcised member. Julie noticed the veins going through it. Julie was surprised to see Brian’s penis lacking in pubic hair. There was a little, but most was gone. Julie wondered if his balls were hairy. She also found herself wondering if Brian shaved. Julie knew some guys shaved. It would have been kind of cool, Julie thought, if Brian shaved and she didn’t.

Julie held Brian’s penis down to the urinal. Not entirely sure how to do this, she grasped Brian’s penis with both hands and pointed down, aiming directly at the urinal cake. Julie didn’t even know what urinal cakes did, but she had a feeling she was supposed to aim at it.

An instant jet of liquid the color of fresh butter squirted from the vertical slit that was Brian’s pee hold. Julie couldn’t help but smirk as she felt the warm liquid travel through Brian’s penis and fly through the air until it touched down on the urinal cake, soaking it in liquid. This was so cool! Who knew guys could actually feel their pee traveling through their penis. Why didn’t vulvas have this function, Julie thought to herself. Julie knew instantly that she would deeply miss peeing with a penis. She would also miss Brian’s large bladder size. Unlike her, Brain didn’t get desperate to pee often. He could hold vast amounts for quite some time. A large bladder captivity and a fun pistol to aim with… Guys were sooo lucky!

Julie stood a few inches back from the urinal, mouth open in a wide smile as she aimed Brian’s penis at the urinal and sprayed his bladder’s contents all over the neon pink urinal cake.

Suddenly, the bathroom door opened and a man entered. Julie felt Brian’s face begin to sweat. His throat was closed up from fear. Would this man say anything? Would he be able to tell that Julie was no man? If Julie was making some dumb mistake at the urinal, he sure would be able to tell!

The man approached the urinal next to Julie. Julie felt Brain’s body slowly begin to shut down. The man spread his feet on the floor, nodded to Julie, and began peeing.

That’s it? He didn’t say anything? Just a nod… Guys are weird.

Julie soon finished emptying Brian’s bladder. Grinning even wider, Julie shook Brian’s penis. How she loved to watch Brian’s penis flap in the air as she shook it off. The last few drops flew from the tip and landed against the walls of the urinal. This was sooo much cooler than using toilet paper! Julie wished vulvas had the ability to shake off too!

Julie placed Brian’s penis back in his pants, zipped, buckled, and belted. Julie admired the flusher at the top of the urinal. It baffled her. How could this urinal flush? There was no water inside. Julie decided to try anyway. She placed Bruian’s hand on top of the silver flusher and pushed down. Julie was seriously amazed as she observed water appearing on the sides of the urinal. The water rushed down into the urinal bowl and washed the pee down the drain.

Julie would have to use the men’s room more often! Julie suddenly found herself wishing that Lusia and the others didn’t capture Dr. Keres for a while.

Julie stood outside the bathrooms, waiting for Brian. Finally, Julie watched herself exit the women’s restroom.

“Wow, you women take forever in the bathroom,” Julie laughed.

Brian rolled his eyes, a smile on his face.

“Feel better?” Julie asked.

“Much,” Brian sighed.

“Good. How did you like peeing as a woman?”

“Not bad,” Brian admitted. “I have to admit, it was kinda cool to watch and wipe.”

“You watched?”

Brian felt Julie’s face go red. “Umm… No… I just…”

Julie burst into laughter. “I’m just messing with you,” she playfully elbowed her friend. “Glad you enjoyed the show.”

“I’m kind of embarrassed to admit it,” Brian held Julie’s head down. “But I have never actually seen a woman pee.”

“No? Don’t you have sisters?”

“Well, yeah… But I’ve never seen them pee up close,” Brian pointed out. “But yeah, I’m over thirty years old and have never seen a woman pee before.”

“Well, now you have,” Julie placed Brian’s hands on his hips. “And hey, just so you know, I peed for you too.”

“Oh,” Brian looked startled.

“That okay?”

“Yeah, just… Did you…”

“Hold your penis? Yes.”

“How was it, then?”

“Epic!” Julie wailed. “I never ever want to have to sit down to pee again!”

“Well, I’m afraid you’ll have to,” came another voice. Lusia stood before them. “We already located and captured Keres. We also recovered the mind switcher. That means…”

“Switching back?” Julie managed.

“Switching back,” Lusia agreed.

Julie snapped Brain’s fingers in frustration.

“I assumed you would be overjoyed,” Luisa said.

“I am,” Julie stated. “But I have to say… I am going to miss Brain’s large bladder and the way he pees.”

“Yes, it is tragic,” Luisa said sarcastically.

“Hey, don’t give me sass until you pee like a guy!” Julie snapped.

“It good?” Luisa asked.

“Good?” Julie exclaimed. “Try fricken’ awesome!”

“Yes, well, at any rate… Let’s get this show on the road.”

Luisa led Brian and Julie towards the meeting room where the mind switcher was stored.

“Don’t feel sad, Julie,” Brian patted Julie - in his body - on the back, reassuringly. “Maybe Luisa will let us use the mind switcher again so you can pee as me.”

Julia smiled. “You’ll let me?”

“Only if you let me pee as you,” Brian said.

Julie chuckled. “Deal!”

They say couples that pee together stay together. That may be true. But it is also true that friends that pee together stay together. Particularly friends that pee while in each other’s bodies. Granted Julie and Brian have not had a whole lot of time in each other’s bodies, but Luisa was right. Brian and Julie felt as if they knew each other a whole lot better now. Just by peeing while in each other’s bodies.

