Off limits

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-07-17 01:09

Plot: "Move it damn it, move! Move!" Lyra yelled to the traffic from her Lexus while blaring her car horn. Lyra was driving home, driving down Gardner Turnpike, doing everything possible to get home before disaster struck. Lyra passed gas stations, homes, intersections, and small businesses. Sadly, the traffic moved slowly as usual. "Damn drivers thinking this a Sunday afternoon, and it's only Wednesday evening. Come on! Move it!" Lyra yelled again, simultaneously blaring her horn.

After another 10 minutes, she finally made it to her street and made the right onto it. From there, Lyra drove hurriedly and with great haste. Of course, she drives 40 miles per hour on a 30 mph residential street. But she knew what she was doing. And she did stop at stop signs. She was about one intersection from her house when suddenly, two elementary school children riding their bicycle came onto the street.

Lyra immediately pressed on the break pedal just in time to come to an abrupt, complete stop. Lyra sat still as she caught her breath. For 20 seconds, she sat there, lamenting on the fact that she almost went to prison. She opened the window and shouted to the boys. "You have the side walk. What the hell you're doing in the middle of the road? Idiots!". Just then, she began shuffling her feet while putting the car in the park. She winced and put her hands on lap.

"Oh, come on. We're almost home. Just hold a little .. longer." Lyra told herself to better her resolve and will to .... Hold it. She put the car in drive and continued to her home. After the next stop sign, she turned into her driveway and shut off the car engine. She grabbed her purse, got out of her car, and hastily shut her car door closed. It didn't close completely. She quickly hobbled over to the front door, almost dropping her car keys on the ground.

Lyra reached the front door and proceeded to find the keys. She fumbled through her purse, bobbing up and down. At one point, she couldn't find it became more stressed. Suddenly, she dropped her purse and held herself to deal with a wave of desperation lasting for a minute. Once it subsided a little, she carefully grabbed her purse and retrieved her keys.

Lyra checked her purse again and found the home key. Lyra quickly jabbed it into the top and bottom locks, opened the door, threw her keys and purse to the couch, and ran to the bathroom. She ran last the living room, the kitchen, and towards the bedroom. "Almost there, almost there," she said softly as she ran in her work shoes. It wasn't very comfortable due to the high heels. But she could do it.

She saw the bathroom and proceeded to turn right into it to find the light was still on. She came to a stop at the entrance to find the toilet off limits. There was yellow tape (similar to the kind at a crime scene) with the writing out of order placed on it. The toilet seat was down and unavailable for opening. Lyra was baffled and annoyed by this spectacle. Lyra tried to remove the tape, but alas, it was impossible for her.

Suddenly, she bent forward and winced as hard as she could to hold it. The pressure was worse than before, and her bladder pained from all that it held. She squatted down against the wall behind her. Lyra swayed her knees forward and away from each other, whimpering as she tried to keep it together. "Fffffffffffffsssssssssssss." Lyra was on the verge of an accident.

Just then, her husband Joseph Holmes showed up from the backyard to see his wife. "Oh there you are. Why are you like this?" Joseph asked. Lyra was angry as he'll. "What the hell is this? Why can't we use our toilet-oh?" Joseph responded with this. "Our toilet got backed up, and I called a plumber. Simple!" But Lyra didn't share the same feeling. "So why didn't you call or text me this? I came home bursting for a piss and only to find our toilet is off limits?" Lyra said.

Joseph responded. " You know I don't ask or tell. Something needs to be done. I fix it or called in the right person for the job. And don't tell me you can't hold your piss like last time at the airport. Geez! That was embarrassing. It's pathetic!". Lyra was about to say something but the workman, Sam Holtman came over and said he would have to come back tomorrow to finish the job.

Joseph was about to tell Sam to finish the work now. But Lyra quickly got up and still holding herself, proceeded to counter this. "Excuse me! You were called in for servicing our toilet and you're about to ditch us. I know the time is late but we need to use our toilet... I need to use my toilet and you are going to fix! No way you will us like-........... (eyes widening) ...."

Lyra ran out the door and to her next door neighbor Bonny Blair. She banged on Bonny's door several times. Lyra was bursting and frantic, about to piss herself right there and then. The door opened and Lyra spoke at lightspeed. "Pleaseletmeuseyourbathroomigottapeenow!" Bonny let her inside her home, watching Lyra move like a possessed person. Lyra made her way to the bathroom and sit on the toilet. Without lifting her skirt or removing her pantyhose and panty, Lyra peed into the toilet. The sound of silence was replaced by the numerous streams striking the water withing the toilet bowl. It roared throughout Bonny's home for a whole minute before it subsided to a small trickle, then to dribbling inside her clothes.

Lyra still panted to catch her breath. She held her forehead in her hand. Bonny knocked on the door outside. "Lyra are you okay? Do you need a change of clothes?". Lyra paused for a moment, then responded "I'm fine. Thanks for asking!". Lyra took a wad of toilet paper and wiped her wet skirt inside and outside. She got up and washed her hands, thanked Bonny and went home.

Lyra approached her husband about his constant disregard for consideration towards her. "Would it kill you to just tell me?" Joseph replied "There's nothing to tell. The work is almost done. It's not my fault you almost pissed yourself.". Lyra had enough. "I am through with you. I am staying over at Bonny's."

She packed some clothes and went to Bonny's place for a few nights. She just couldn't stand his chauvinistic behavior. She needed a reprieve from Joseph.

*001*2022-09-24 16:52

I should have mentioned the protagonist Lyra is Lyra Jenson from Airborne Desperation.

*003*2022-09-25 16:12

Something I will try to work on for future fiction.
