Exit Denied

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-03-05 22:14

Summary: A female passenger, desperate for a public restroom, is unable to exit her train car.

Title: Exit Denied

Content:

- desperate to urinate

- desperation holding

Characters:

Piper Prestin - main character

Train conductor

Train security guard

Diner greeter

Elderly woman

Colleen Dael

Gwenndolinne Masterson

Main storyline: The train rolled in at the station for the 4:00 pm pick up at the Emerson station in Rhodensia City. At last, Piper made it to her train and boarded it with great haste. "Almost missed it. Thank the ...... hmmmmmmm.". Piper was mildly desperate to urinate, and boarding her train was great relief. Piper wasn't the type to wait for and take a cab when she could take a train. Her apartment building was 15 miles away from downtown where the mall was. She wasn't about to wait for another cab either. Piper, though sitting down, still felt a need to urinate and it wasn't going away. Piper went to the mall to hang out with friends and buy more fall wear.

During her 30-minute train ride, she listened to music and sipped more water from her second water bottle. It was hot and unbearable. Today was another hot summer day, sweating and breathing labored due to the hot air. Unfortunately, the train company and the city still didn't install air conditioning in the train cars. Piper drank water going to the mall, followed by two large soda. And now, she was drinking water. But Piper felt confident she could handle the wait time before using the bathroom. Her train ride was only 30 minutes, plus another 5 minutes to her apartment building. What could go wrong?

Still, she shook her leg up and down to help her focus on something else. She put on her ear buds and plugged it into her phone. She selected Youtube.com, typed in her favorite list of music hits, and let it play. The train would stop 5 times before making the last 10-minute trek to Piper's stop. Piper was now looking out the window to see when her stop was approaching. Piper didn't see it and felt annoyed. Although her desperation rose a little, she had to use the bathroom. Her urethra was sending signals to her brain as it was filling up. Her bladder panged as well.

After another 8 minutes, her need rose to significant desperation. She needed to urinate and as soon as possible. Again, it wasn't at the point of severe or bursting, but still. Then, the train began screeching to a halt. Piper could feel something was wrong. She could feel herself moving forward and looked outside her window. Her stop was nearby but the train was going to stop before reaching her stop. Piper removed her ear buds and looked confused. "Why are we stopping now? We haven't come to the stop yet.". At last, the train stopped and the train car was filled with whispers. Passengers were wondering what was going on and why. Even train security was bewildered, but awaited word from their supervisor.

For the past 20 minutes, Piper and the rest of the passengers on the train felt antsy in their predicament. It was hot, the air saturated with sweat, and the aura was filled with anger. The passenger who started yelling was removed and taken to a nearby patrol car. A few other passenger were removed too.

As for Piper, she did her best to stay calm. Her need to urinate grew and listening to music or playing a phone app game wasn't taking her mind off the situation. She shook her leg rapidly and shifting in her seat, even looking out the window. All vain attempts to tell herself it will be okay. She needed to find a bathroom and fast.

At one point she asked one of the two train security guards in her train car for a status update. "Excuse me. What's the issue up ahead and has it been resolved?". The guard, feeling hot and upset from dealing with a previous passenger, replied "We don't know anything! We will let you know.". Piper thanked him and went back to her phone. "Jerk!" Piper thought.

She became mildly desperate and the longer time went on, her need grew. Luckily, she was sitting by herself which meant she was alone to her thoughts and her need. No one had to know. She wasn't like Gwenndolinne who wouldn't bother to hide it.

More passengers were becoming angered again and one mother was complaining her infant was having breathing issues. However, security kept their stance on the matter. No one else was allowed to leave unless they wanted to be handcuffed. One person demanded to be let off on the grounds it was unsafe and unsanitary. That same person couldn't hold it and urinated where she sat. Poor elderly woman was unable to exit and for unknown reasons.

Piper couldn't believe what she was hearing and seeing. How was this right she thought? How could this be the way to treat passengers? But she couldn't ignore her need to go. And she didn't want to end up in handcuffs.

Just then, she received a text message from Gwenndolinne. In it, Gwenndolinne states "Going out for dinner. Coming home afterwards. R u okay?". Piper replied "I have to pee and stuck on a train that stopped. I don't know why.". Gwenndolinne replied back "Sorry to hear that. Wish I could drive and take you off the train. Stupid RTA (Rhodensia Transit Authority).".

After what seemed like forever, it was now 5:08 pm and Piper was still on the train car. She had to go and standing up might be a problem. The other passengers were furious and demanded their rights to be removed off this broiled prison. They were fed up, sweaty, hot, and wanted answers. At last the train began moving towards the station.

Once at the station, the train came to a stop. The doors opened and passengers came out in mass droves. They were so furious they began calling the RTA. As for Piper, she slowly got up and walked briskly while holding her bag of clothing. But after 1 minute, she was overcome with a bad wave of desperation. Finding a suitable rest room was of immediate importance.

The train didn't move due to an accident that occurred on the tracks. A car stalled and took a hit from behind. Since it occurred on the tracks, no trains were allowed to arrive or pass by until it was safe. The train conductor finally received word from his superior when radioed. No one else saw it when leaving since the wreckage was removed before they exited.

Piper went from establishment to establishment for a suitable bathroom. She went to a jewelry store, a cafe, a dry cleaners, etc., Each place didn't have a public bathroom. She even tried a gas station which only had one bathroom. However, it was disgusting. The toilet seat was filthy, the sink had a broken faucet, and there was a foul odor.

Piper was losing time and her need was becoming worse. Now she was in danger of wetting herself. "Hmmmmmmmmm" she groaned. In fact, she started holding herself with one hand to give herself some relief and prevent a flood. At this point, she was ready to let it go in an alley between two buildings.

Piper couldn't believe that her mind was teeming with the thought of risking prison. She had to be strong and keep moving. She told herself she was better than this. But where could she go. All that was left was a pharmacy, a fast food take, a small grocery store, and a bank. As usual these places didn't have available public bathrooms.

Piper was about done when she came across a diner. It was the West Side Diner. Piper knew she could find relief. It was a couple of steps away. She just had to cross the road which meant waiting for the traffic to stop. Piper trudged to the traffic intersection nearby the diner and pressed the button to change the traffic signal.

It seemed like forever as each step she took made the sloshing in her lower region worse. Piper willed herself to keep moving, and increase her pace a little. She had to get to the bathroom and fast. At last, she made it and pressed the button on the street post. The lights changed within a second, thus stopping traffic.

As soon as the walk signal was given she started moving across the street. Again, she had to move carefully so as to not spurt. Luckily, no one honked their horn. Once on the other side, she made her way to the diner which was a mere two buildings away. All she had to do was walk passed a small shoe store and laundromat.

Again, her steps seemed to be forever and only making things worse. Another wave of desperation forced her to stop and listen to it roar. She felt the throbbing of her urethra as she tried to hold it. This wave was so strong Piper was ready to give up and urinate herself where she stood. She didnt want to hold it anymore.

But her inner voice told her she was almost there. Hearing this voice gave her the strength to keep moving towards proper relief. Piper walked on the ramp to the entrance. Once there, she opened the doors and went up to the first person she saw.

"Excuse me, where is your bathroom. I have to pee so so so badly.". Upon hearing the strained voiced of the young lady holding herself, the waitress showed Piper to the bathroom, even helping her to it. From there, Piper thanked the waitress and went into the woman's bathroom. Once inside, she went into the only stall and closed the door behind her.

Piper, still fighting the same wave of desperation from earlier outside the diner, managed to open her pant zipper and button. She sat down on the toilet to unleash her gusher of a payload. For a whole 30 seconds, Piper let go her urine into the toilet bowl. It was sweet relief and she wasn't sorry for expressing it with moaning. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuuuuuu!".

Once finished, she finished panting and wiped herself. She got up and flushed the toilet, washed her hands, and left the bathroom. Afterwards, she went to the front counter and waited for that same waitress. After 10 minutes Piper stopped the waitress. "Thank you so much for your help. I appreciated that.".

"Oh no problem miss. Is there anything else I ca help you with?".

Piper was about to respond with a no. But her stomach grumbled for food. Piper spent a lot of energy and needed to refuel the tank. She decided to order for take out. "I would like to order dinner for take out.". The waitress got the hostess (I will call her Ida Wilson), helped Piper to her seat and took her order. "Okay coming right up. Is there anything else?".

"What's your name?" Piper asked the waitress. The waitress responded "My name is Colleen Dael.".

"Nice to meet you Colleen. I'm Piper Prestin".

