Discord's Dance - Page 2

Author: Unknown104

*025*2019-10-04 07:10

Celestia twisted around in her bed, her body glistening in the moonlight with a slick coat of sweat. Sleep for her had been rather short and restless. Her body, no matter how much she turned, rolled, sat, or laid, couldn't get comfortable. She could feel the piss sloshing around inside her bladder with each motion, only adding to her discomfort. Rather impolite words had been said between her and her bladder, cursing it for not being big enough to hold it for three days with ease, or for bothering her with something as insignificant as being full. She wished she had the foresight to memorize the spell Twilight had been working on. Though, she could be forgiven for forgetting, what with her faithful student acting the way she did. Not to mention her aching, painfully full bladder.

"Mmm…" She tightly crossed her legs together. The sheets beneath her were wrinkled and hot, though thankfully not wet. Her hands were shoved between her thighs, desperately grabbing at her crotch. She clawed at her panties, dampened with sweat around her inner thigh, which only added to her troubles.

"F- Fuuuuuuuuuuck…" Celestia groaned. Her knees pushed up into the covers, a painful wave of desperation threatening to ruin her mattress and stain her sheets. With as full as she felt, she was worried she might flood the floor around the bed. Perhaps enough to trickle out into the hall, for guards, servants, and, heaven forbid, her sister to pass by and see… how humiliating that'd be.

She turned onto the right side of the bed, lying across the bed. Her head rested on the side of the bed, peeking up to her window. The moon was in view, parts of it blocked by several clouds and taller parts of the castle. It was almost time for her to start getting ready.

Celestia sat up. Magic formed at the tip of her horn, illuminating the dark room and opening her wardrobe. She stretched, lifting her arms over her head and extending her wings as far as they would go. Her arms didn't stay there for long, going right back between her crossed legs. I need to go, I need to go, I need to go… She chewed her lower lip, slowly shuffling her legs off the bed. Her heels tapped against the floor. With little desire to try to stand up with a such a full bladder, she sat there, pulling out her attire for the day with her magic. She pulled out a simple, long dress, with no need for a belt along with a fresh pair of panties and a new bra.

"Ohhh…" Celestia huffed, giving her crotch a quick press before she reached back, unclipping her bra and slipping it off. She quickly slipped the other on, opting this time to clip it with her magic, leaving her hands free to hold herself. Her bladder very obviously bulged out and her panties were almost obscured by the large mass of pee, though she could definitely feel the lining cutting into her rock-hard bulge. If someone didn't know any better, one might assume the princess had perhaps decided to finally have an heir to her throne with some lucky lord or prince.

I'm gonna have to stand to put the rest of it on. Celestia realized with a stuttering breath. "J-Just a couple of seconds, Celly, t-then you can sit back down." She told herself, beginning to rock on her heels. Her body moved back and forwards for a few seconds, before she stood straight up from her bed.

Stars, was that a bad decision.

Almost immediately, she doubled over with a loud cry. Both her hands reached into her underwear, practically clawing at her urethra in an effort to keep all of it inside. She clenched her teeth, her eyes squeezed tightly shut. Her knees knocked together, the discomfort in her bladder almost sending her back onto the bed.

H-How am I gonna get through a whole day of court like this?!

Her legs shook, feeling as limp as a noodle. She looked downwards, her hands refusing to budge. I-I can't… She hissed quietly, her breaths short and quick. Even the simple act of breathing in for more than a few seconds increased her need. Her magic died, sending her clothes onto the bed behind her. Tears came to her eyes, clamped down on her pussy like a vice.

"Come on!" Celestia huffed, forcing her legs apart. She slowly, painfully pulled a hand up, forcing one side of her panties down. Her body creaked and shook and uncontrollably shivered. She moved to the other side, barely able to grab it, and pushed it down. Her panties fell to the floor, finally allowing her to hold herself. She moaned, crossing her legs again.

Okay, okay, okay… J- Just a little more.

Yet, she knew it would feel like more than "just a little." Her bladder felt like it was going to pop any second, though she willed herself to hold longer.

Her magic surrounded her panties, though she could barely keep her concentration long enough to hold them up. Celestia slid them off the bed, sending them to the floor. She lifted her left foot, her dying magic quickly slipping her panties on. Her bladder ached, the unbalanced position she had taken causing her some more discomfort.

Her hands quickly returned to their prior positions; clutching her pussy with all their might. She squirmed slightly, using one last bit of magic to slip the dress over her head. In a quick motion, she slipped her arms into their appropriate holes in the dress, immediately pressing into her crotch. She shifted from foot to foot, trying so hard not to let any out.

"Mmmf…" Celestia huffed, slowly shuffling forward. She looked down at her shoes, realizing she'd need to sit back down to slip on her socks and put them back on. Then stand back up. Again.

F-Fuck it, I'm not risking it. Celestia cursed, using elbow to open her closet. She had a pair of tennis shoes for when she jogged, a pair of open-toed high heels for formal events, and a pair of small pair of slip-on shoes, with a slightly elevated heel. That'll do.

Her horn brightened, her magic weakly pushing the shoes onto the floor. She slipped them on and slowly, painfully turned around and walked up to the door.

I have to make it, I don't have any other choice. She reminded herself. E-Even if I'm already dying to go, I have to make it. At least until tonight.

Celestia took a deep breath, trying to steel herself for the day ahead. She knew it was gonna be difficult holding an extra day when Discord proposed the idea, but she had hoped she might not be so full when the time came. Her body so desperately wanted to void its contents. To let her aching bladder rest, and give her a bit of a reprieve. But, she couldn't. Not yet. Not until Discord told her she could. And stars, she hoped he would relent soon. It was almost too much to bear, but she would bear it.

She slowly, shakily removed her hands from the front of her dress, moving to open the door and step out into the hall, preparing for the day ahead.

*028*2020-01-26 08:57

Princess Celestia sat in her throne, her knees pried apart, her back straight, and her arms forced onto the arms of the chair. As much as she needed to cross her legs, hold herself, and squirm around, she couldn't risk anyone seeing her in such an improper state. It wasn't very fitting of a princess.

She took a small sip of her warm tea, knowing it'd go straight through her. Her sister had kindly left a pot of tea prepared for her, brewed and prepared just the way she liked it. She couldn't refuse her kindness, and, as much as she hated to put more into her already strained bladder, she did need the boost of energy after her previous night of sleep, or lack thereof.

Celestia sighed quietly, the room just as empty as the day before. Why is it always so slow… She grumbled inwardly, in desperate need of a distraction, which seemingly wasn't going to come.

Stars, I have to pee. She glanced down towards her lap, her bulge thankfully concealed by her dress, though certainly still felt. Every passing second, it's bladder made its presence well known, throbbing with every heartbeat. It was ready for release, which it wouldn't be able to get, at least until nightfall. If her cruel boyfriend would let her. Stars, she prayed he would.

Her legs trembled slightly, feeling her bladder pulsing. I-I can't stand this! She winced slightly, her bladder tensing up suddenly. I should've just gone this morning, there's no way I-I can make it. Celestia pressed her knees together for a moment. If-If I pee here… I-I don't even w-want to entertain the idea… Her hands shook, wanting desperately to hold herself. Why did I let him talk me into this? I'm going to burst!

Celestia felt her whole body visibly winced, one of her legs crossing over the other. Her nails dug into her throne, forcing herself to keep her hands away. She was almost glad that there was nopony around who could see her struggle and squirm to keep herself together. It’d be embarrassing if anypony saw her this way, even Discord!

POOF

A small, rolled letter appeared above her, falling into her lap. She stared down it for a moment, managing to pry a hand away from her throne to grab it. I-I wish I could just use my magic, b-but in this state, I-I'm more likely to incinerate it.

Celestia took hold of the letter with both her hands, opening it.

"Hi, Celly! Almost done setting up here. this is turning out to be quite the contest they have planned. Should be back at the scheduled time, but I'll let you know if something changes!

- Discord

PS: try not to burst before I get there :3"

That's something, at least. Celestia breathed a sigh of relief, something going according to plan for a change. We'll have our fun and he'll let me go after. She managed to calmly return to her prior position, the letter resting on her lap. Her bladder finally felt calm, reinvigorated to make it until that afternoon. Just a little longer… c-control yourself.

*032*2020-06-15 15:53

Celestia stepped inside her room, immediately turning around and locking the door. As soon as she heard the click of the locking mechanism, she pushed both hands between her legs. Her legs mashed together, stuttering, shaky breaths escaping her. The pressure was insanely intense, and the last few hours had not been easy for her. She was almost always on the verge of pissing herself.

Discord…! She quite literally hobbled over to her bed, managing to slip her shoes off. Hurry, please! Celestia sat down at the edge of her bed, legs bouncing and hands clenching. Orange rays of light pierced the dark room, her sun setting slowly as the moon rose. He was late, unusually so, even for him. She, in her desperate stupor, had waited for him in their usual spot, bouncing, hands balled up at her sides, legs forced apart so she wouldn’t have to worry about being caught in a compromising position. After an hour, she could bear her desperation no longer.

You said you wouldn't be late… She hissed quietly, her bladder throbbing. It wouldn't be too much longer before her body would force it out of her, she was reaching her limits. She had barely made it thus far, what if Discord took longer than she could manage to wait? What would her punishment be? They hadn't discussed such topics when they had first started, though she was sure her boyfriend would find something to take away from her if she failed. Perhaps failure to hold would incur more holding? Stars, after such a long hold, being made to hold more would be torturous.

Celestia shifted back, crossing one leg over the other. Her mind wandered to the thought of possible punishment. Her boyfriend, as childish as he was, he wouldn't do anything to embarrass her. Not unless she wanted him to, at least. Humiliation, teasing, and… erm… denial of "relief" during particularly intense make out sessions had always been a favorite of theirs, though they hadn't found time for it, recently.

Stars, he'd better have something good for me if I-I'm going through all this. Her legs crossed a second time at the ankles, but it did little to help relieve the pressure.

Knock

Knock

Knock

"Celly?"

A wave of relief washed over her as she heard her boyfriend's voice. Finally!

A cloud of her magic surrounded the door handle, opening it with a quick twist. Discord quickly stepped in, closing the door. He went to lock it, only for her magic to do it for him, with such force that the metal had curved slightly.

"Jeez… someone's on edge." He grinned, turning back towards her. Her legs were bouncing. He turned back towards her, a slight smile on his face. "So, how're holding up? That bladder ready to pee?"

A small whimper escaped her, her hands moving to her crotch. "P-Please, don't talk about it. I'm going to burst."

"Oh, I'm certain." He stepped up to her, placing a hand on her thighs. His talons traced up to her bladder

"Nnh…"

"Just a little poke and you're already whining?"

"I need to go, Discord!" She snapped, baring her teeth. Both hands were dug into her dress, the ends tightly wrapping around her thighs. Discord's grin only widened.

"Just a bit longer."

"I-I really don't know if I can- eep!"

Discord pushed her onto her back, holding her down.

"I don't remember you having any choice but to." He grinned, giving her a quick peck on her neck. "I am still in charge here, sweetie."

She paused momentarily, watching him move downwards, his paw firmly holding her bladder.

"I…" Celestia's legs crossed, the slightest pressure against her bulge threatening to force piss from her. She chewed her lip, wincing and shifting up into the bed. "Y-You won't win… I-I can make it as l-long as I need to…"

"Oh, we'll see about that..."

His paw went against her bladder, giving it a press. She gasped, her legs twisting together. "F-Fuck!"

"Tsk- language, dear." His talons moved between her legs, reaching down into her inner thighs and forcing them apart. He slipped between them, forcing her to keep her legs apart.

“D-Discord, I-I-I really, really need to pee.”

"Hold on just a bit longer, dear…" He leaned down, their stomachs touching and his chest rubbing against hers. Her nipples stabbed against him, the sensation sending shivers down her spine. "Besides, if you can wait just a bit longer… I'll let you have a reward."

Celestia could barely hear him, the sound of her pounding heart filling her ears. She wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him in for a kiss. his hips grinding against hers as he slipped his tongue inside her mouth. The sensation of his hardened penis alone, even through her dress and panties, was nearly enough to make her cum. Her bladder, as painfully full as it was, gave her an immense amount of pleasure. She didn't know it was possible to feel this good.

"Hah-" She pulled away, a few hot breaths escaping her. "P-Please, make me cum." Her ankles locked around his back, keeping him from pulling away.

"Mmm, I do think you've earned a bit of relief." He continued to grind against her, his paw slipping under her dress and moving down to her clit.

His paw slid down, rubbing her clit and pulling her panties aside. Discord pushed his pants down onto his ankles, plunging his penis inside her wet, tight pussy.

A loud cry escaped her, his movements sending waves through her bladder. "Goddd, k-keep going!"

Discord kept moving, taking hold of her hips and thrusting inside of her. She huffed and moaned quietly, Celestia mainly focusing on trying not to piss on her boyfriend and end her fun too soon.

"G-Goodness, you are enjoying this." He leaned down, his head resting on her large breasts. His talons tore off the strap concealing the one on her right, and tugging on her now-exposed nipple. This elicited a rather loud moan from her, her back arching, arms wrapping around his back and pulling her close.

"I-I'm close!" She cried. Her legs tightened around his waist, pulling his length completely inside of her as she came. She whined and moaned, her lips moving to his neck and gently nibbling. Her body shook and trembled, the pleasure of his warm, potent load filling her almost too much to bear, not to mention her bursting bladder. Her walls clamped down around his shaft, milking and squeezing out his load and spilling into her womb. His balls tightened up, a loud, visceral grunt escaping him. He took a few quiet breaths as he relaxed against her body.

“Mmm… S-Stars… that was-”

A sudden squirt of piss escaped her, colliding with his stomach. She hissed, a hand going to hold herself, but it was already too late. Celestia could feel her bladder reaching its limits, feeling it tense and clench up thanks to the rather intense love-making session. Discord quickly pulled out of her.

“I-I can’t wait anymore!” She whined, sitting up, another spurt shooting out into the sheets beneath her. “Please, can I go?!”

“Mmm… I dunnoooo…” He rubbed his chin. “I guess you’ve earned some relief.” Discord snapped his fingers, a large bucket appearing beside him, going about as high as high as his knees. She didn’t wait for him to change his mind, practically leaping onto it as soon as she could. A jet of piss escaped her, colliding with the bottom of a bucket with a loud hiss. Immediately, an immense wave of relief washed over her. Her bulge slowly started to deflate, all the pressure and pee that had been building up for so long finally being let out. She huffed quietly under her breath, all the difficulty she had holding up to this moment all worth it. Every second of this heavenly relief was worth the hours of trouble and fighting against her body’s natural urges.

A few more minutes passed of her bladder slowly voiding its contents, but it felt like hours of pleasure and relief. Slowly, after about fives minutes of near constant pissing, her stream slowed, then finally died out, her bladder finally

“My, you held so much!” Discord said. She hadn’t even thought of the volume in that span of time. Celestia turned down, her jaw dropping to see that nearly half of the bucket filled with her pee.

“S… So much…” She huffed, Celestia slowly shifted up, plopping back down on the bed. Her body felt drained, tired, after not only a long day’s work, but having held so much for so long.

“Are you okay, dear?”

Discord walked up to the bed, sitting down beside her. The bucket disappeared as he did, freeing up some room in front of them.

“Y-Yeah… just… tired…” She huffed, a quiet yawn escaping her. Her magic pulled her panties off and tugged her dress up off of her torso.

“Mmm, I can imagine. You did hold a lot.” He pulled the blanket out from beneath her, pulling it up over her legs and stomach. Discord scooted up beside her, slipping under the covers beside her. His arm slipped under her neck, gently pulling her a little closer.

“Mmm… that was so worth the wait.” She said, moving in a bit closer to him.

“I’m glad you thought so too.” He grinned, before a quiet yawn escaped him.

Celestia giggled. “Hmm, I guess we both could use some rest.”

The pair of them shuffled a little closer to each other, preparing to sleep after a rather long, fun day. Celestia flicked the lights off in the bedroom, the pair drifting to sleep.
