AccidenTale, an Undertale Story

Author: UseOnlySixteen

*000*2016-05-30 01:28

Muffet's Misfortune

Muffet, the boss of the Underground's famous Spider Bake sale, sat in her chair behind a table, waiting for customers to come by. She had been sitting for 8 hours, and she would be there for another 11. Her spider friends kept her company by keeping her updated about what was happening all around the Underground. One spider crawled onto the table holding an article. "Mettaton's new form kills at the 'finale'...or does it?" She reads out loud. "Hm. I'll catch it tonight." She smiled and picked a crumb off of a donught, handing it to the spider. "Thank you." Muffet said quietly to the spider.

After a minute, she went to take a sip from her cup, but it was empty. Tea didn't keep her as hydrated, and it took longer to get. The Spider Bake Sale was run in Hotland, where the temperature always exceeded 100 degrees, so Muffet had to constantly send spiders out to get her cups of water, in return for donught crumbs. Muffet drank cup after cup of water to keep herself from overheating. She hadn't noticed at first, but all the water was filling up her bladder. After 8 hours of it, she was in pain. She grabbed herself and looked around, making sure no one was there. After a minute, she stood up and looked down at a spider. "I have to use the little spider's room." She whispered, before starting towards the bathroom.

After a few seconds, Muffet heard footsteps. "AND THIS IS THE MTT BRAND SPIDER BAKE SALE!" a robotic voice yelled. 'We're not sponsored by MTT...oh, customers!' Muffet thought. She ran back to the table, causing the contents of her bladder to slosh around, putting her in more pain. She gripped herself for a second, and slowly walked back to the table. "HELLO, MUFFET!" The robotic Idol, Mettaton said. "I'M TAKING SOME FANS ON A TOUR OF HOTLAND AND MTT INDUSTRIES!" Muffet nodded, grabbing herself with a pair of arms under the table.

"S..step right up for the f..finest baked goods in all of the Underground!" The spider girl stuttered. Most of the crowd walked after Mettaton to tour the bakery with the spiders, but a long line still formed in front of Muffet. "S..spider donughts! Only 18G!" She whimpered. A swarm of spiders brought over a large basket of donughts. Muffet whimpered to herself, looking at the line. 'I'll never be able to hold it this long..' She thought. Just the thought of not making it caused her to leak in her underwear. Muffet winced in pain and turned to the line, tending to the customers. Her spiderlings were the only ones to realize what was happening. They watched as Muffet's face turned redder and redder, but they were unable to help her. As she grew increasing desperate, it seemed like the line was getting longer and longer. The spiders couldn't take over the whole operation, there were too many fans.

"It smells delicious!"

"Ooh, can I get another?"

"Do you have anything to drink?"

"MY BROTHER WILL LOVE THIS!"

"I'll be back for more!"

Muffet helped every customer. She was so thirsty, but she was afraid if she had any more water, she'd wet herself on the spot. She squeezed herself with another pair of arms, and leaked in her panties again. Tears began to form in her eyes. She helped the last customer, who bought two spider donughts. "OMG!! Bratty will flip when I tell her I got two of these!! Thanks!" the customer yelled. Muffet forced a smile. "Y..you're welcome..." she leaked again, and grabbed herself with all of her hands. "Is something wrong?" the customer, a purple cat named Catty asked. Muffet blushed and paused. "I...I really have to use the little spider's room..." She said quietly. Catty blushed. "Oh.. I'm so sorry! I'll, like, get out of your hair now." The cat smiled at her and ran after the rest of the group. "WAIT UP!"

Muffet waited until she was sure everyone had left, and ran to the bathroom as fast as she could. As she ran, the stream slowly started, and by the time she got to the door, she was one step away from losing it. "I'm here now...everything's okay." Muffet said. She reached for the handle...

"One minute! I'm almost done."

Muffet began to quietly cry. "It...it hurts so much..." Muffet said to herself. As she was speaking, the dam broke, and Muffet lost control of her bladder, wetting herself. Everything that her bladder had built up exploded out of her forcefully. It took a second for the situation to set in. Muffet was so tired, it took her a second to realize what was happening. But when she did, she cried louder and whimpered as she fell to the floor, a large yellow puddle spreading underneath her. She whimpered and sighed as relief washed over her, and let out a soft moan.

The liquid filled her panties and darkened her pants, but she was past the point of caring. Even though it was extremely embarrassing, Muffet moaned at the warm, wet feeling of relief. After another few minutes of peeing herself, her stream finally slowed to a halt. She sighed happily and stood up, pee dripping out of her soaked dress. Muffet was on cloud nine, then one sound shot her back down Underground; the toilet flushing. "There's...there's still someone in the bathroom!" Muffet said. If she was seen having an accident, she'd never sell another pastry again. The sink went off, and the door opened. Muffet closed her eyes, paralyzed in fear.

"S..sorry, now you can...oh no..." Alphys, the Royal Scientist, walked out of the bathroom to see the spider girl tearing up in embarrassment. She looked down at her wet dress. "I'm... I'm so sorry..." Alphys said, moving closer. "P..please don't tell anyone" Muffet said, tears rolling down her cheeks. Alphys smiled at her. "Don't worry, I won't tell a soul. This is just between us." She handed Muffet a tissue for her face. "Go get changed. Maybe later, I'll stop by for some donughts." Alphys said, smiling. She walked away.

Muffet sat in her wet clothes for a while, looking down at her puddle. It took her a while to calm down, but when she did, she walked away from the bathroom door. "I'll clean that later." She said. She headed to her room and changed into a clean dress. "Or...maybe I won't." Muffet smiled deviously, and went back to her table.

Authors Note: I'M BACK BABY! You might recognize my name from the Steven Universe: Wetting of the Gems series from back before the huge site update. Even though they were all posted by my friend ThePeeLover, I wrote almost half of them. But, more about what's happening in the future: I plan to do an entire Undertale series! That includes Toriel, Undyne, Alphys, Frisk, and maybe some more if I stop being lazy. I wrote this story during the update, when I was on a huge Muffet kick. I had no idea that I could post it here, I was waiting for the old Fiction section to come back. My friend, the glamorous ThePeeLover, decided not to let me know until around 10 minutes ago. Anyway, I hope you enjoy the first part of my Undertale Series!

