A New Sword

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2017-07-14 14:07

Author’s Disclaimer:

Hello all. Welcome to Spire. Actually, I don’t think I’ve explained in story yet why the name of the game is Spire.

Anyways, it is better to think of this as a story about wetting/desperation, but as an mmo web novel that happens to contain elements of female desperation, accidental wetting, and deliberate wetting.

The small section labeled “A/N:” at the end of some of the chapters explaining some of the references in the writing and occasional fun facts.

Also, it can be glacially slow. You have been warned.

Lastly, I plan on implementing a table of contents if possible.

Enjoy.

- Unbeknownst

Table of Contents:

Arc 1 Stalled Development

Chapter 1: Introducing...

Chapter 2: I Forgot

Chapter 3: The Convention

Chapter 4: Setup

Chapter 5: Welcome to Spire

Chapter 6: Steps Behind. Steps Ahead.

Chapter 7: Catching Up

Chapter 8: No Girls Allowed

Chapter 9: The Party Gathers

Chapter 10: Preparation Hunting

Arc 2: In the works. (No that's not the name. I'm LITERALLY just starting on it.)

*001*2017-07-14 14:08

Chapter 1: Introducing…

The front doors of the MacArthur Academy burst open as the final bell rang out the end of the school day. Students flooded the front of the school on their way to their after school activities, home, or just hanging out. Amongst the crowd, two girls pushed through the doors and descended the wide stairway that separated the main building from the spacious parking lot. One of them chattered excitedly, a wide grin on her face.

“I can’t believe you actually convinced your dad to take us!” Rachel practically bounced down the steps. By us she meant herself and Michelle, the person whose father was in question. The two of them would be going into the city to attend the annual gaming convention. Rachel’s parents had dictated that they could only make the trip to the city under the supervision of an adult, but neither of them could be torn away from their work to look after them.

“He had to be there anyway,” admitted Michelle. Her teal eyes traversed the parking lot looking for him. A sudden gust of wind brought about by the recently warm weather caused her ash blonde hair to cover her face so she stopped to comb it clear again. The increase in temperature also saw a change in wardrobe. Rachel ditched her usual grey hat and coat for a red blouse with a high neckline, light blue jeans, and white vans. Michelle herself wore a Tyrian purple pleated dress, an unzipped fashionable jacket of black leather even though everyone else had already ditched their winter clothing, and pink tennis shoes.

Despite having quite long straight brown hair of her own, Rachel didn’t share Michelle’s plight. “Why does your father have to be at a game convention?” she asked curiously. “Didn’t he have to take time off from work? … Michelle?” She stopped and turned when she realized Michelle was no longer next to her.

Michelle finally got the last strands of hair off her face. “Well, oh! There he is.” She joined Rachel and the two of them went to the edge of the sidewalk.

Quite a few of the people were pointing at and talking about a man walking across the staff parking lot. The man was slightly shorter than average wearing a ‘How Aetherworks Marvelous!’ t-shirt. He was clearly of Asian descent with perfectly combed spiky jet black hair, warm brown eyes, and a pleasant smile.

“OH MY GOD THAT’S OLIVER CASTLE,” said Rachel in one breath. Oliver Castle was, to put it simply, famous. He first got his start in ESports as a professional Milestone player when the industry switched over from mobas to the now much more popular mmorpgs. One of the original players, his character Spear of the West Wind was the backbone of his world renowned team until he retired due to wrist problems.

But retirement from playing didn’t stop him from earning a living off of video games. He was immediately picked up by EMC, the company that organized and ran the largest and most popular tournaments as a commentator. With his quick wit and seemingly endless game knowledge, he quickly became the most popular with frequent guest appearances on many talk shows and streams. Sometimes they tried to pry into his personal life, but he would always respond by deflecting and adding a funny anecdote from his childhood.

As a player of Milestone, there was no way Rachel wouldn’t know who Oliver was. Many fans roamed the game modeling their characters and their builds off of his original. At least until the game shut down a couple months ago under fishy circumstances. No one was entirely sure why. With nothing to fill the vacuum, the ESports industry appeared to be in chaos until Aperture Science made an announcement that shocked the entire world.

What Aperture Science announced was the creation of Spire VR. Based on the once popular mmorpg that preceded Milestone as the king of the industry, this game would allow players to be the character. While not a true video game company per se, Aperture Science was the lead of a large group of companies including Microsoft and Cryptic Studios that would be co-developing the game. Other industries threw their support in as well, offering incentives to players who performed certain tasks in the game. With all of this backing, Spire VR was sure not to just be the next big game, but the next global phenomenon. Players who never played mmorpgs before suddenly found interest in the genre and those who had rejoiced.

Oliver walked towards them and Rachel stepped aside so that he could pass, but Michelle didn’t move an inch. “What are you doing?” hissed Rachel who stared, shocked. Michelle was one of the nicest people she knew, why would she be deliberately blocking such an important person?

“Hey Dad!” said Michelle.

Oliver beamed. “’Sup. You ready?” He turned towards the brown haired girl standing near them eyes boggling as she looked in turn from the Asian man to the Caucasian girl. “You must be Michelle’s friend! Rachel, right?”

“Uh… yes. Sir.”

Oliver chuckled. “Just call me Uncle Ollie. That’s what my nephews call me when we go visit them. Or Oliver works too. Whatever you feel like.”

A/N:

The “MacArthur” in “MacArthur Academy” is a reference to WWII general Douglas MacArthur.

‘How Aetherworks Marvelous!’ is a reference to the Magic: The Gathering card Aetherworks Marvel which was recently banned. The card can cast one of the top 6 cards of the library without paying its mana cost leading to potentially fantastic or utterly useless results. Its a roll of the dice.

The switching over from mobas to mmos references the popularity of mobas like League of Legends and DOTA in the current ESports industry.

Aperture Science is the research company featured in the “Portal” game series.

Microsoft is mentioned here for their famous flight simulator consumer software. Cryptic Studios is a famous mmo game studio that made Neverwinter. It is owned by Perfect World.

*002*2017-07-14 14:09

Chapter 2: I Forgot

“You never told me your dad was Oliver Castle!” demanded Rachel as they followed him into the parking lot.

“Would you have believed me if I did?”

Rachel looked at Michelle as a mixture of expressions crossed her face. “No,” she finally admitted. “How can he be your dad anyway?”

“I adopted her,” said Oliver simply. “Here we are.” They arrived at a plain looking four door sedan. “Do you girls want to put your bags in the trunk?”

“Nah, I have stuff I want for the drive,” replied Michelle.

“Me too.”

“Suit yourselves.” He held the car door open for them before climbing in behind the driver’s seat.

They smoothly pulled on the interstate, and that’s when both girls realized something that they had forgotten back at school. Michelle sighed inwardly at leaving her favorite eraser in her desk. She pulled a different one out of her bag and began editing her sketch of the surrounding landscape. It wasn’t very good, but it wasn’t too bad either. She wasn’t going to be showing it off to anyone so it didn’t particularly matter she wasn’t a good artist.

“Um, Oliver?” Rachel interrupted their current discussion coming up with outrageous and hilarious conspiracy theories about why Milestone closed to address Michelle’s father.

“Need some tinfoil?” Oliver asked jokingly. “Yea, what’s up?”

“How long will it be until we get there?”

“Probably a little over an hour?”

Rachel shifted in her seat. “Can we stop somewhere soon?”

“There’s nothing until we get to the city.”

“Really?” Rachel crossed her legs tightly as she leaned back in her seat. She had assumed that would probably be some turn off, maybe a car park or a diner that they could stop at. Maybe there is one and he just forgot about it. “Well can you please stop if you see a restroom?”

“You didn’t go before we left?” asked Michelle.

Rachel sighed, mentally berating herself. “I was so excited I wasn’t thinking about it and didn’t notice. I mean come on! They’re handing out helmets there and the game opens tomorrow. If I ordered a helmet, it wouldn’t arrive until two weeks from now.”

“Speaking of which, you have your proof of purchase right?”

“Right here.” Rachel fished a wrinkled printout from her bag. She put it back and rocked slowly in her seat, taking slow breaths as she peered out the window hunting for a rest stop.

“So what class do you plan on choosing when you make your character?” asked Michelle, trying to distract Rachel.

“I don’t know,” Rachel replied, gladly accepting the distraction. “I haven’t seen the trailers for all the classes yet. What about you?”

“I’m going to try the custom build option.”

And so they went on discussing the strengths and weaknesses of the classes. Every class had two options. Selecting beginner auto selected and leveled skills meaning that the user could focus entirely on playing without worrying about performing skill maintenance on level ups. Traditional on the other hand required the user to choose and level their own skills. Custom build allowed players to select and level almost any skill, but they wouldn’t get any class bonuses.

It worked, sort of. It took the intensity off of her urge. But as time wore on only grassy rolling fields accompanied them. Rachel ran a hand through her hair as she checked the time on her phone. Three thirty. They still weren’t even halfway there yet. Pulling the hem of her blouse down she unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans which cut into her stomach. She got some relief, but the rate at which her condition worsened worried her greatly.

“You doing alright?” asked Michelle inquiring after Rachel’s lack of conversation.

“I’m fine, really,” replied the latter. She gave a bright smile which quickly turned into a grimace as she leaned forwards gasping. “Okay,” she whispered to Michelle, “I really need to pee.” Rachel squeaked as she felt herself start to lose control and a little bit leaked into her underwear shortly followed by a little bit more. Fortunately, she managed to regain full control before any visible damage was done.

Michelle tapped on her father’s shoulder and leaned forwards to whisper in his ear. She knew that despite Rachel’s bubbly and excitable personality, she was very shy about speaking about personal matters. She hadn’t directly spoken about her need to use the restroom, but started by asking about the time until she could get to one and only mentioned it when it was necessary to explain herself.

“Pull over to the shoulder when you can. I don’t think she’s going to last much longer.”

Not questioning his daughter’s advice, Oliver pulled onto the shoulder and got out. Walking around the side facing away from the freeway, he opened the backseat door to find a very red-faced Rachel avoiding looking up at him. Her body was twisted away, facing the inside of the car. “This is how this is going to work,” shouted Oliver over the noise of other cars passing. “I’m going to leave the door open and I’m going to have a smoke so that no one will see you using the restroom.”

“But you don’t smoke?” asked Michelle.

“Pass me a straw from the center armrest.”

Michelle popped open the armrest and found a pack of drinking straws from the last time they went to go visit her aunt. Pulling one out, she handed it to her father who ripped it be the right length to be a cigarette and threw the rest away. He then stuck it in his mouth like he was smoking and stepped aside to leave the doorway open, leaning casually against the side of the car.

“Now’s your chance. I promise I won’t look. Michelle can help you.”

Rachel placed a hand between her legs to help maintain control as she swung them out of the car. She tried to stand and would have fallen backwards if Michelle hadn’t grabbed her to steady her. Nervously, she glanced up towards Oliver, but he had a newspaper open, a large part of the page hanging down conveniently. If she wasn’t about to flood her jeans, Rachel would have found this image of a man smoking a drinking straw holding a newspaper he obviously wasn’t reading hilarious. His eyes were fixed in the distance, apparently staring at something faraway.

“Screw it, I don’t have the time to worry,” thought Rachel. Yanking her already unbuttoned jeans down to her ankles, she sat down on the edge of the car door and finally got the relief she had been waiting for.

“Done?” asked Oliver as Rachel’s stream finally tapered off.

“Um…” Rachel was surprised when Michelle passed her a wad of Kleenex.

“It’s from a new pack.”

Rachel hurriedly wiped herself and then dropped the wad on the ground. She pulled her underwear back up cringing at the feeling of wet cloth against her skin followed by her jeans. “Now I’m done.” She glanced at Oliver who to her surprise was still staring at the same point in the distance. His reverie broke and he dropped the straw, even making sure to stomp on it before rolling up the newspaper.

“Let’s get going then, shall we?”

*003*2017-07-14 14:10

Chapter 3: The Convention

The convention was held in the same place every year, the sprawling Xander Place. Oliver of course had access to the VIP parking and slotted the ordinary looking sedan in among the various sports cars and luxury automobiles already there.

Michelle hopped out of the car and marveled at the sheer size of the building.

“Wow, that is huge,” exclaimed Rachel. The two of them started to walk away when Oliver called. “Wait a moment girls.” They turned and watched as Oliver opened the passenger side door and started grabbing things from the seat putting them on.

“What are doing ?”

“Putting on my armor.”

“Your what?” Soon Oliver was dressed in cobalt heavy armor with silver trim. He slung a spear with a cobalt shaft and silver head over his back before stretching widely, eliciting the sound of grinding foam. The armor gleamed in the sunlight, he probably used some kind of metallic paint.

“That looks awesome!” cried Rachel. Michelle gave him a thumbs up.

Oliver grinned widely. “I’m not sure why they want me to cosplay my character, but I’m all for it. Just wearing this makes me feel cool. Come now. I’ll give you the guided tour.”

He showed them all over the convention hall, but they didn’t stop anywhere. Not because they weren’t interested, but because Oliver was in a hurry. Just before seven, they arrived at the largest auditorium. Ignoring the large queue to get in, Oliver led them straight over to a gentleman in a crisp suit and tie.

“Evening Williams.”

The man was taller that Oliver and, without the armor, more broad. He adjusted his pair of rectangular spectacles as he turned his attention to Michelle who gave smile and a nod and to Rachel who waved vigorously. “These the two you asked me to reserve seats for?”

“Aye.”

“Follow me.” The inside of the auditorium was filled with rows upon rows of seats. A temporary raised stage in the center held a young woman sitting at a computer and a tower of other electronic hardware. Williams led the three attendees to three free seats in the front row right next to the stage. “These are yours.”

“Much appreciatedt,” said Oliver taking a seat.

“Don’t forget, you owe me a match.”

“Mario Kart was it? Double Dash edition?”

“Yes.”

“Send me a message later so we can arrange a time.”

“Of course. I’ll beat you this time.”

Oliver merely chuckled and they bumped fists before Williams made his way back to supervising the seating process.

“He from that gaming group you go to on Sundays?” asked Michelle.

“Yup.” Oliver laid a hand on Michelle’s head and messed up her hair. “You should try it some time.”

“Thanks, but no thanks.” Michelle leaned her head back and fixed her hair again. “I’d have to give up Sunday morning yoga with Rachel.”

“Don’t you do yoga every morning?”

“No, I do Tai Qi every morning.”

At that moment the lights in the room went out. Floodlights turned on one at a time, illuminating the stage.

“Welcome everyone.” A deep male voice echoed in the space, drowning out the conversation. “Welcome. There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man. It is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition, and it lies between the pit of man's fears and the summit of his knowledge. This is the dimension of imagination. This is the dimension which Aperture Science has harnessed.”

Giant monitors hanging from the ceiling sprang to life. Upon them a man in a suit of gleaming armor charged through a lonely rocky valley towards a towering dragon.

“This may be just a trailer, but tomorrow this could be your reality. You could be the one wearing that armor and swinging that sword. Tomorrow. Today, however, we have a surprise for you. Another sneak peek of what is coming. Today I present to you as he joins Kate on stage, the one, the only, the legendary, Spear of the West Wind!”

A spotlight fell on Oliver as he stood up to rousing applause. He raised a gauntleted hand in appreciation and the crowd roared with approval. Mounted the stage, he stood across the desk from the woman who returned a brief smile before focusing on her screen again.

“What’s going on?” asked Rachel.

“No idea,” replied Michelle.

“Oliver, if you would. Perform a basic attack action.”

“What like this?” Oliver assumed a ready stance. The blade of the spear cut upwards arcing around the back of his as he followed up by lashing out with the butt of the spear. The blade cut downwards the other way and he finished with a forward thrust effortlessly completing his character’s attack chain to rousing applause.

“Daaaammn,” Rachel whistled. “So fast!”

“Meh, that’s nothing,” replied Michelle.

“Woah,” said the voice in the mic quietly. And then more loudly. “Well now that we’ve seen it in real life, how about we see it in game?”

The crowd roared with approval. A chair was brought up and Oliver sat down, placing his spear on the ground. Kate approached him with what looked to be a skateboarding helmet with a welder’s face shield on top. She strapped the helmet on and lowered the face plate.

Immediately the view on the monitors swapped. Some showed a first person view of a grassy field with some trees in the distance and slight breeze rustling the grass. Others showed various third person shots of an exact replica of Oliver as he looked in real life standing upon the grassy field.

Oliver stretched, metal clanking. Reaching back he pulled out his spear and flourished it.

“How does it feel?” asked the announcer.

“It feels fantastic. How marvelous!” Oliver swept the spear in a wide arc with a satisfying swishing sound. He took a step forward and immediately face planted. Spitting grass out of his mouth and laughing loudly, he rolled over. “And how realistic! The physics are incredible.” With a grunt he leaped to his feet.

“Since you seem to be adjusting alright, how about you try this on for size?”

With a flash of white light, a boar materialized in front of Oliver and immediately charged. Catching him in the midriff, it knocked him back. Oliver skidded, but remained on his feet. “That probably would have hurt a lot more in reality.”

“That would have broken several ribs,” confirmed Kate.

“Well then I’m glad this game isn’t that realistic.” He sunk it half crouch and drew the spear back, aiming it squarely between the boar’s eyes. Leaping forwards, he thrust the spear up to the length his arm into the boar and withdrew it. The boar squealed, rearing back on its hind legs. It crashed forwards but Oliver knocked it aside with the spear and followed up with another stab.

“Say ‘Piercing Strike’.”

“Piercing Strike.” Oliver’s body immediately assumed a ready stance as the spear tip began to glow grey. The spear once again plunged into the boar. This time, a beam of light shot straight through the boar which collapsed to the ground and dissolved into a point of light.

“There you have it,” concluded the announcer as the demonstration ended and Oliver removed the helmet. “As promised we will now be distributing helmets, first come first serve. Don’t forget to have your proof of purchase ready. And a big hand for Oliver Castle!”

Oliver waved in recognition of the crowds applause. He rejoined Michelle and Rachel, the latter hurriedly pulling out her receipt. The three of them approached the nearest of the many helpers who suddenly appeared with crates of helmets.

Michelle and Rachel wished they could have stayed longer to see more of the attractions, but their curfews were approaching and they needed to be well rested for tomorrow’s grand opening.

A/N:

Oliver’s in costume description was meant to be a faithful recreation of the “Warring Kingdoms Xin Zhao” skin from League of Legends.

Spear of the West Wind is supposed to be a reference to one of my favorite items in League of Legends. Before it was removed, Zephyr used to grand attack damage, attack speed, move speed, and tenacity. The ‘Spear of’ part is a reference to the fact he uses a spear,

The beginning of the announcer’s welcome speech is taken directly from The Twilight Zone.

The description of Spear of the West Winds attack chain is actually the combo I like to open with when fighting using a spear in real life.

*004*2017-07-14 14:11

Chapter 4: Setup

Michelle woke up early the next morning , but a little later than usual. She was an early riser, always had been. Sitting up, she threw aside the covers to reveal a comfy tank top and shorts. She stood up and stretched as she confirmed her schedule in her head. First, Tai Chi. Second, shower. Third, breakfast. Fourth, do some research. Fifth, start the game! Satisfied, Michelle stood in the middle of her room and drew a deep breath. Actually, first use the toilet. Michelle hurried towards the bathroom.

She was still in the middle of picking out what to wear, wrapped in a large towel after her shower, when her cell phone rang. Perplexed, she hurried over to her bedside table and checked the caller id. Caleb Sherer.

Caleb? Michelle frowned momentarily in surprise. She hadn’t spoken with Caleb once in over a year. The two of them had exchanged contact information when paired together for a science project only for the teacher to realize she made a mistake and change all the pairings.

But why would he be calling her now? They spoke a few times when they happened to be in the same conversation, but never directly one on one and never over the phone. The only things she knew about him was that he was good at trading card games as he would occasionally reference his success in that area. He was a little taller than her and built like a stick. A very fit stick. He had passable looks and short brown hair. Still perplexed, she picked up the phone on its next ring.

“Hello? Is this Michelle?”

Yup, it was Caleb alright. “Yes, what’s up?”

“Spire is releasing today. I was thinking of trying it and was wondering if you wanted to join me?”

“Sure, why not? But how are we going to meet in game?”

“That’s a good point. I was assuming they would have a friend look up by name, but I also heard it was a face to face only thing. So, uh, no idea I guess. Do you know if Rachel’s going to join Spire?”

“We went to get helmets yesterday.”

“Oh, you did? I see. I’ll be under the username Storm. Capital ‘S’. Add me if you can. Tell Rachel to as well. Do you know anyone else that played Milestone?”

“I think Derek did, but I don’t have his contact info. I’ll let Rachel know.”

“Perfect. See you in game.”

“Hopefully.”

Michelle still wasn’t quite sure what to think about the call. Caleb had asked about other Milestone players so she suspected he was looking to group up with people who played Milestone, but only had her number. Putting the matter aside, she settled on a sky blue dress with a white sash belt.

After breakfast, Michelle returned upstairs to do some last minute research. For the type of gamer she was, the game started long before character creation. Unfortunately, there wasn’t a whole lot to go on. There was a guide to quality at least. White was the most common followed by yellow, orange, red, purple, blue, bronze, silver, gold, heroic, and deity tier. The latter two were exclusively found in the Sky Islands, home of all the true end game content. But to get there one had to ascend the tower of trials known as the Spire. In the original PC version, only about a third of the player base ever made it that far in the entire time the game was running.

Checking the time Michelle realized she only had a few minutes before the game started. She quickly got up and used the restroom before lying down on her bed. Placing the helmet on her head, she lowered the face mask and took a deep breath. “Initialize.”

Her vision went white. She couldn’t feel anything. She tried lifting her arm. It felt like she was lifting her arm, but at same time it didn’t. She didn’t have an arm to lift. A neutral male voice spoke as if the person was standing right in front of her. “New user identified. Michelle Castle, age 13. Please wait while diagnostics are checked. Finalizing first time setup.”

Right… she hadn’t thought about the fact there would be a first time setup. Not that it really mattered, it just delayed her start by a few minutes. When the voice stopped speaking, a dialogue box appeared in front of Michelle. She chose the only game currently available, Spire VR

‘Due to safety concerns, all characters are size locked to match their player. This is to prevent potential disorientation when transitioning between bodies of different sizes.’

Made sense enough. Michelle dismissed the notification and menus began appearing along with her character sheet. Every player started with the same stats, but the growth of those attributes would depend on their class and the bonus points they could freely allocate each level.

Selecting Custom Build for her class, Michelle perused through the massive list of potential skills she could select. Each of them cost a different number of skill points and innate ones could only be taken now during character creation while others were mutually exclusive. Unlike other classes, she started with no proficiencies, so she immediately selected proficiency with swords. She was considering what armor proficiency to get when an innate skill caught her eye.

Cut Above the Rest. It cost a lot of skill points and all it did was reduce durability loss by 5% when using a weapon to parry or deflect. A seemingly useless skill at first glance. But it was the rank up benefits that drew her interest. Ranking up allowed for parrying and deflecting more things. Even despite not knowing how useful the skill would be, Michelle wanted it. In the end, she passed up all armor proficiencies and attack skills for it and two more innate skills.

Road Runner was another passive skill. It increased movement speed by 1%. Essence Flux was an active skill that cost a lot of mana, almost more than any player could have at level 1 and had a long cooldown. It caused the user to blink out of existence for exactly .1 seconds.

Skills selected, she still needed to determine stat growth. Every player had 8 attributes, stamina, strength, toughness, speed, power, mana, resilience, and potency. Every time they leveled up, they would receive 20 points auto distributed based on class and 5 to freely allocate themselves. The system prevented putting more than 5 into any one category so Michelle chose to min max as hard as she could. 5 would be added to her stamina, strength, and speed, 2 to her resilience and toughness, and 1 to her mana every level.

Finally she was left with changing her appearance and selecting a name. To Michelle’s great surprise, the name Phoenix wasn’t taken so she quickly finalized her character before anyone else took it. In the end all she did was hurriedly make her hair yellower, add red streaks to her hair, and paint her nails red.

A/N:

Caleb Sherer is a well-known Magic The Gathering player famous for playing an archetype known as storm. Hence his in game name. Just like the card game archetype, look for him to be casting many spells in quick succession.

If I recall correctly, the character Ryze from League of Legends passive skill is also named Essence Flux.
