Niche

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2018-06-29 03:45

Author's Note:

Welp... I'm back.

The name is trash... but meh whatever.

I was considering doing a superhero themed story given that it is the season for it, but I happened to be inspired to write this, so I'll leave it up y'all.

Also, feel free to skip chapter 1 if you want to get straight into the omo stuffs. Chapter 2 should be farther down the page.

Vote:

Superheroes

Continue this story - This story is going end up sci-fi.

Alternate - Write 1 chapter for each each week.

Regardless, enjoy and feel free to leave comments, reviews, suggestions, or even just to say 'hi'!

Cheers!

Chapter I: A Trip Too Far (1)

Spirit’s room was clean and very white and silver. White walls, white lights, white topped furniture supported by silver metal. It was very much in fashion and also, at least in the fourteen year old’s opinion, quite bland.

Which was why she never wore white. Her long honey colored hair was tied back in a ponytail using a white ribbon that she liked to tie in the shape of a butterfly, but that didn’t count. She pulled her usual steel gray jacket unzipped over a mint colored tank top and blue jeans. She turned off the lights before opening the blinds allowing natural light to replace the artificial.

Spirit was neither tall nor short. She was sporty, or at least fairly athletic for someone who didn’t play or train for sports. The more unkind would call her skinny, but most people agreed that was just a little on the slim side.

The computer buzzed softly before fading out as Spirit powered it off. She had been reading an interesting article. Something about how women everywhere seemed to be needing to use the restroom much more often than normal. She was almost certain it was just some sensational bit cooked up to snag readers seeing as how no mention of such a phenomenon could be found anywhere.

Maybe she’d go back and actually read the article, but that would have to wait for later. Spirit wanted to be early for her physical exam that afternoon at the Military Prep School she would be attending starting next week. She wanted to join the Imperial Navy and doing well at the Military Prep School was a necessary first step.

It was always best to make a good first impression, hence Spirit’s leaving early for her exam. She was just about to pull on her boots when a familiar sensation caused her to frown. Hadn’t she only used the restroom a couple hours ago when she woke up earlier? Still it was best to take care of such business now before her commute.

Rush hour was always a pain. Spirit made sure to lock the door to the apartment before heading from the third to the tenth floor of the sky rise apartment complex. Perhaps part of why she was so determined to join the Imperial Navy was to escape the almost constant claustrophobic environment of the city.

The other reason was that she needed money. She still had parents technically, but she rarely heard from them. Her father was constantly holed up in his office in the middle of who knew where designing who knew what. Her mother just flat out disappeared sometime while she was in kindergarten. At least her father still sent her enough to cover the rent and her living expenses whenever he remembered.

She tenth floor was packed. The station which serviced many buildings in the area was if possible even more dense. Several times Spirit felt like she was going to drown in the sea of bodies but she managed to swim through mostly thanks to grabbing onto various items of furniture and occasionally unsuspecting strangers before she made it onto the train.

Fortunately, she managed to snag a spot next to one of the poles and clung to it tightly. The train smoothly glided forwards on its rails. Every stop, Spirit was being dragged by the people trying to get off and then crushed by the people entering. Still, this was at least twice as fast as trying to walk. Trying to get a ride would be even more impossible.

Spirit barely kept herself from planting her face directly into the pole as someone shoved her roughly from behind. A mother and daughter crammed themselves into the corner seat next to Spirit who had been thinking about trying for the spot before almost getting her face crushed.

“Oops, I’m so sorry. Are you alright dear?” Both the mother and daughter had auburn colored hair and wore designer blouses and leggings. The mother was looking at Spirit with concern.

“It’s no big deal.” Spirit gave a reassuring smile. “It’s not like I got- woah.”

Someone farther up the cabin couldn’t deal the with the acceleration and stumbled causing a mini domino effect. Spirit ducked as the last person in the line squeezed her against someone else.

“Like I was saying,” Spirit wheezed as she finally got some space back, “just fine.”

The mother clucked her tongue in sympathy. The daughter finally finished fixing her hair which had been messed up when they took the seats and noticed the a paper poking out of Spirit’s coat pocket. “Can I take a look?” she asked. “That symbol looks familiar but I can’t see it from here.”

“Oh, sure.” The paper was after all just some informational pamphlet. Spirit would never carry anything important on her person. Not in this city.

“Neat!” The girl took her hand off the paper which she had been twisting to see properly. “So you’re going to Military Prep as well?”

“Yup, I have my physical there this afternoon.”

“What a coincidence! So does Claire.”

“Really?”

“Yup.” The daughter extended her hand. “Claire Baum.”

“Spirit. Sorry, but I don’t think I can shake your hand right now.” Spirit was currently leaning sideways holding the pole with both hands to keep herself from toppling over.

Claire retracted her hand with a laugh. The three of them started talking about the school, swapping stories about what they had heard and a little about their pasts though there frequent interruptions caused by the shifting crowd.

Spirit was having a great time talking with the Baums when she noticed she had to pee. But the sensation passed away and she didn’t give it a second thought. She had after all used the restroom less than an hour ago before leaving the apartment.

Over the next half an hour though she grew conscious of the pressure building in her lower abdomen. It wasn’t worrisome, but it was noticeable. Spirit decided she would get off at the next station and take care of business before it had a chance to become worrisome. She did have some extra time after all having left so early.

*002*2018-06-29 04:08

I... uh... also just realized that the text boxes still screw the heck out of my formatting....

I'll get that fixed someday I swear.

...

...

Okay, I'm really sick of this. How the heck do I change the font style, margins, or maintain my formatting when pasting the text?

I'm pretty sure it has something to do with how the text area handles pasted text, but I can't figure out how to change it.

*004*2018-06-29 04:48

Yeah, I'm sorry. I just discovered BBCodes work and now I'm trying to figure out how to manually adjust the margin if the screen resolution goes above a certain size. (Otherwise it will look weird trying to read it on phones.)

*006*2018-06-29 05:10

Chapter II: A Trip Too Far (2)

Spirit tried to get off at several stops but couldn’t seem to even make it an inch closer to the door. The closest she made it was about a foot before being abruptly knocked sideways and then dragged back to her pole. What had begun as a vague premonition was quickly becoming a warning. She could definitely tell that she needed to pee.

“Um, Mom.” Claire tugged the sleeve of her mother’s blouse. “I kind of need to use the restroom.”

“Me too dear. We’ll get off on the next stop.”

“Good luck,” said Spirit.

“Hm?”

“I’ve been trying to get off.”

“Huh.”

The next stop was particularly bad. True the crowd was moving to the exit, but that was mostly the people in the middle, the people along the sides simply got pushed back. Spirit found herself stuck straddling the pole like was glued.

The three of them stood up as a break appeared in the crowd. But the moment they approached the door, new commuters rushed in clogging the entry way. The doors slid shut behind them.

At least the crowd had thinned out enough for Spirit to have a seat. She sat down next to Claire who was looking at the graphic overhead.

“So the next stop is Caucasus Square. That isn’t too far.”

Claire nodded thoughtfully to herself before turning to Spirit only to be interrupted by someone sitting nearby.

“Didn’t you hear? They had to shut down the stations in this area.”

“What?”

“The construction.”

“Oh right. I didn’t realize that started today. No wonder so many people got off at the last stop.”

It took a moment for the implications to sink in.

“Wait, so which station comes next then?”

“Main St.”

“In Lotus Point? Oh god,” exclaimed Claire’s mother.

“How far is that Lindsay?” asked Spirit.

“A little over an hour and a half. Are you going to be alright Claire?”

“Maybe.”

At first the conversation revived, each intent on distracting themselves from their predicament. But as time wore on Claire became more and more quiet and Spirit ran out of stories. Spirit pulled out her copy of the campus map and started going over it repeatedly in an attempt to distract herself. Her slightly twisted sitting position helped her cope without appearing entirely unnatural.

But while Spirit remained relatively composed, Claire was quickly becoming a nervous wreck. She shifted constantly in the seat, occasionally bumping hips. One of her hands lay across her crossed legs, the other playing with the ends of her shoulder length hair.

“How long until we get to Lotus?”

“Another forty five minutes honey. How are you holding up?” Lindsay draped a comforting arm around her daughter’s shoulders.

“I don’t know if I can wait that long.” Claire shuddered. She hissed out between clenched teeth as she abruptly tensed up, gripping her hair like a vise. After a couple long seconds she breathed out and began rapidly bouncing her legs.

Spirit gave up on studying her map and abruptly stood up and started pacing slowly taking tiny steps.

“Going somewhere?”

“I just need to move around.”

“Oh.” Lindsay’s look carried unspoken understanding. “I see.”

Spirit’s jeans were feeling a lot skinnier today than normal. She undid the fly, yanking down the hem of her tank top to hide her deed. But to her dismay while her waistband was no longer cutting painfully into her belly, it didn’t really bring her any relief.

She made her way steadily along the coach. Steadily that was for someone nursing an almost full bladder. But the movement was definitely helping. Spirit spotted a solidly built boy with messy sandy colored hair and brown eyes. He wasn’t tall, or big, but definitely fit. He was currently typing away furiously on a laptop.

Spirit’s eyes lingered a bit too long. The boy looked up and caught her watching. He grinned at her and then returned to his work. Spirit blushed and quickly looked away. As she walked she noticed him cast another glance at her. Even though she never really considered getting together with a boy Spirit probably would have felt gratified if not for the fact it was taking considerable effort to appear natural.

Trying to keep the sway in her step to a minimum she immediately turned back towards Claire and Lindsay.

A sudden splattering sound caused Spirit to convulse before regaining her composure and standing up with her legs tightly crossed. She looked around and spotted a little girl dancing around as she spectacularly failed to control her bladder while her mother reprimanded her ferociously and the others sitting nearby edged their feet away from the puddle.

Now that she looked around properly, Spirit noticed that a few of the female commuters were showing telltale signs of needing the restroom even the adults. A lady nearby wearing a suit looked to be in particularly bad shape, her hands buried in her crotch almost hidden by the briefcase laid across her lap.

Finally the girl finished. Spirit crept back to her seat and hurriedly crossed her feet at the ankles as she sat down. She glanced towards Claire who was now sitting on her heel taking deep breaths.

“You okay?”

“We’d better get there soon.” Claire groaned and jiggled her legs. “You?”

“I’m fine.”

‘For now’ Spirit added silently to herself. She had begun shifting with small surreptitious movements. The sound of trickling liquid permeated the carriage. Fortunately for the people sitting next to her, the lady with the briefcase had stood up quickly enough that very little piss pooled on the seat. She stood there blushing as piss streamed down her pants.

Unfortunately for one of the people sitting across from Spirit, the sound was too much for her handle. Swear words poured from the young woman’s mouth as a clear stream poured through her skirt. She stumbled towards one of the doorways, the others retreating at her approach.

“I’m sorry Mom.” A very red faced Claire grabbed between her legs glancing at her mother Lindsay before hastily looking away.

“Sh. It’s okay.” Lindsay was constantly shifting in her seat, hands placed in her lap.

Spirit was shivering. One hand lay against her belly, the other tapping at the empty seat beside her. As she looked around the cabin, her worry grew. Clearly everyone was reaching the end of their tether and she didn’t know how many more she could take before it would be her turn.

*008*2018-06-29 17:55

Author's Note:

I've decided to set the deadline for voting until next Wednesday (July 4th).

Here's chapter 3, I'll be posting chapter 4 later today or early tomorrow. After that I'll wait until voting concludes before posting any more updates.

So if you like an option, remember to vote.

(Options were continue this story, switch to a superhero themed story, or alternate.)

Chapter III: A Trip Too Far (3)

Footsteps tapped against the carriages tile flooring. Spirit looked up and froze in her seat. She tried to shrink back as she saw the boy with the laptop walking their way.

“Do you mind if I take this seat?”

Spirit’s heart sank. Of course. Of course he wanted to sit next to her. If it were any other time, she’d be delighted. She had half a mind to turn him down but unconsciously nodded. She tried to shrink in on herself and keep her squirming tame.

“Do you like music?”

And he wants to chat?! Spirit mentally wrung her hands before answering as calmly as she could. Even still she couldn’t keep her voice from trembling and cringed.

“I guess.”

“What kind?”

“Pop. Mostly.”

“Hmmm...” He dug around in his bag for a moment before pulling out a pair of headphones. “I got some pop/rock stuff. Mia Everard?”

Truthfully Spirit didn’t listen to music much, but she kinda liked Mia Everard’s work. “She’s cool I guess.”

“Here. Volume’s this thing.” The boy handed Spirit the headphones showing her the little in-built volume control.

“You aren’t listening?”

The boy gestured to an earbud that Spirit hadn’t noticed before. “I got Line. Know what song you want? Oh, my name’s Dan by the way.”

“Spirit. Whatever’s fine.”

“Then how about we do… this one.” The familiar sounds of Mia’s To The Stars Again filled Spirit’s ears. She looked towards Dan who smiled back at her causing her to blush as she failed to stop squirming, even for a moment.

Liquid hit the ground again. Beside Spirit, Claire yelped and ground herself against her heel panting. Spirit involuntarily shook violently enough to careen into Dan. He reached over and adjusted the volume of her headphones higher. The sound of liquid seemed to fade away against the music and she calmed down a little bit.

Some attempted futilely to resist, others just let it happen. The carriage seemed to turn into a waterfall as woman up and down the carriage wet themselves in various fashions drawing hostile glances from the other commuters. Those that were still dry, or relatively so at least, were upset because each accident someone else had seemed to worsen their own predicament. Others were upset because of the utter mess that was being made.

Spirit gasped as a spurt dampened her panties. How much farther was it to Lotus?

“Hello?” Dan spoke into thin air, clearly talking to someone over phone the sound vaguely discernible over the music. “Well thanks for letting me know I guess. I’m on the train right now, forty minutes out. I’ll probably get off at Main though and go grab lunch or something. Yup, you got it. Bye.”

So definitely less than forty minutes. Another spurt prompted Spirit to give herself a quick squeeze as she rubbed her legs together. Nothing showed through her jeans although her panties now felt distinctly wet. A feeling doing her no favors.

With a flurry of movement, Claire shoved herself off the seat. The prominent dark patch on her leggings abruptly grew in size as piss poured out with such force that the stream formed even through the material of her garments. She sighed in relief as the contents of her bladder emptied while she squatted awkwardly.

Spirit hoisted her feet onto the seat and sat on her heel facing Dan, but it wasn’t doing much good. She gave herself a much harder squeeze to stem the flow that saturated her panties and finally wedged her hand with her thighs as she leaned against the seat back. She could feel a tiny wet spot on her jeans and didn’t dare try to let go with her hand.

The song came to end and with it, the sounds of liquid returned. Spirit clenched with all her might, fingers pressing as hard as she could to try and support her ailing muscles. “Choose another song, anything is fine,” she implored Dan.

Heaven’s Eyes came on and Spirit rocked slightly to the beat, but mostly in her efforts to hold back the impending flood. The wet spot on her jeans expanded slightly before she managed to wrest back control again. Sweat dripped down her face. All she could do was try to nurse as much time as she could from her failing body and pray that it was enough.

The announcement for Main St. gave Spirit some much needed hope as she dug into reserves of energy she didn’t know she had. She felt Claire, who had retaken her seat, touch her back comfortingly and whimpered through gritted teeth.

The headphones were taken from Spirit’s head and she watched Dan put everything in his backpack. He stood up grabbing onto one of the hand straps overhead. Lindsay stood up as well and a jet immediately shot through her leggings and onto the floor.

“Mom?” asked Claire in surprise.

Lindsay didn’t respond but stood quivering with her rear end sticking out and bobbed a couple times. She lifted her leg in one last attempt to hold back but ended up turning her dark gray leggings black as she completely and utterly soaked them. She gave long defeated sigh as her bladder emptied itself against her will. Many, many seconds she finally finished.

“How about we go shopping before your exam?”

*011*2018-06-30 17:04

Author's Note:

Aaaaannnd here's the last one, at least until next week.

Obligatory reminder that voting is open through July 4th.

Cheers! And enjoy! ;D

Chapter IV: A Trip Too Far (4)

Spirit very gingerly and very slowly lowered her foot to the floor as she half twisted in the seat. The voice announced the station again. Dan offered her a hand and yanked her bodily to her feet. She pranced on the spot, both hands pressing for all she was worth.

The only reason she had lasted this long was adrenaline, which meant she was working with borrowed time.

This time, Spirit was able to make it to a spot in front of the door. The moment they slid open, she slipped through the gap and off to the side. At least now she was off the train. She weaved her way through the crowd on the platform. Well, tottered was a more appropriate description.

The station restrooms were undoubtedly going to be crowded. Her only shot at making it to one dry, well, dry relatively speaking, was to head for one of the adjoining buildings and being fortunate enough for it to not have a line.

Spirit muttered rapidly under breath pleading with the clock, her bladder, the god(s), the weather, anything and everything that might and definitely couldn’t affect her predicament. Tears welled up in her eyes as she took another step then froze in place.

She tensed up, frantically damming a leak. A few seconds later and her defenses finally crumbled. Her jeans, her socks, her shoes, even the hem of her jacket. Nothing was spared by the tsunami that left her completely drenched from the waist down. She sobbed bitterly, unwilling to give in, but also unable to do anything to change her unfortunate outcome. Just thinking about the people around made her want to go hide under a rock for the rest of her life in shame.

“C’mon you.” Someone grabbed her by the upper arm and dragged her through the crowd and into one of the nearby buildings. As they broke through into a wide spacious corridor with glass walls and roof, she realized it was Dan. Because of course it was. Goddamn luck.

“Here.” Dan took off his sweatshirt and then seemed to realize that it would do nothing to hide Spirit’s accident. “Never mind. This shortcut tends not to be too crowded.”

“Shortcut? To where? And why not?” Spirit sniffed loudly and returned somewhat to reality from her wallowing.

“To the School. You said you had a physical today, right?”

“Um, yeah.”

“I’m an assistant there. Oh, and this is the business sector so we’re really not supposed to be here but most people don’t actually mind.”

###

Spirit swabbed the inside of her mouth and handed the swab over to the guard who promptly threw in the machine. The guard’s eyes lingered on her still damp clothing as he looked over her while the system identified her. He pursed his lips in disapproval before waving her through anyways. Her cheeks burned crimson.

“Don’t pay him any mind. He doesn’t approve of anyone,” remarked Dan as he strolled in after her without having to go through the procedure.

The campus was like a ghost town. Then again that was to be expected. The only really busy area would be the logistics department preparing for the upcoming school year and the medical center performing all the new student physicals.

Dan had just led Spirit into his dorm room when his phone buzzed. He checked and then put it away again with a sigh.

“I was suppose to go help out at Logistics at one,” he answered Spirit’s questioning glance, “but my supervisor is held up by something and keeps pushing the start time back.” He sighed again and gestured off towards an attached door.

“Bathroom’s there. Okay, now I’m actually going to get some lunch. Do you want anything?”

“Um...” Spirit fidgeted and plucked at her ruined pants. “Do you have anything I might be able to wear?”

Dan waved his hand dismissively. “I’ll take care of it. You sure you don’t want anything from Subway?”

In the end Spirit relented and asked him to get her a small sandwich. She stepped into the bathroom as he left and finally peeled her clothing off. It took a long time standing under hot water and soap before she finally felt clean again.

With reluctance she turned the water off and toweled herself dry before wrapping around like a dress. She looked at herself in the mirror. Soft green eyes blinked back at her. Green eyes that held both exhaustion and fear.

Spirit sighed and shut the toilet lid before sitting down and resting. She was still sitting like this when the smell of food wafted in making her stomach grumble. Dan knocked sharply on the door.

She stood up to unlock the door and Dan thrust a bag through the gap before shutting it again. Spirit looked through the bag. There was a set of cream colored pants, sneakers, and undergarments. Judging from the tags, he had gotten them all on sale for cheap so she didn’t feel too bad about it. She would pay him back for them although it did creep her out that everything was in her size even though she never told him.

“You looked the same size as my sister, so I just bought the same stuff she always makes me get her,” explained Dan as they ate. “She’s here too somewhere. I think she’s helping Dad get ready for the new year.”

“Your dad works here?”

“He teaches history.”

“Well thank you for everything.” Spirit stood up and gathered her things storing her ruined clothing in the shopping bag. Spirit made sure to pay Dan for his trouble despite his protests. And then she made doubly sure that she used the restroom before leaving, still haunted by the events that transpired earlier.

As she followed the directions to the medical center, Spirit vaguely wondered what she was going to do about the trip back and then put it from her mind. She didn’t want fear and worry to interfere with whatever it was she would have to do.

*014*2018-07-02 15:58

Sssssshhhhh... no spoilers.

Just kidding.

I love your signature.

