The Witch's Bladder Control

Author: UrineLover1

*003*2022-12-31 02:51

Part 4!

As it turns out, I was right. Life wasn’t too miserable here after all. Eve let me go anywhere I wanted in the whole castle. Except for a locked room on floor three, but that is only because that is where her really dangerous experiments are. And even then, I am allowed to enter the room if she is with me for protection.

Eve took me there one day and there were talking heads in jars, radioactive rodents with twenty heads, misshapen animals that were failed test subjects of past experiments, and other weird stuff like that. It didn’t seem too dangerous, to be honest. But that was probably because I had Eve with me. She actually made me feel better quite a bit.

I asked Eve why she took me into this room and she told me that she didn’t want there to be any secrets between us. I was unsure what that meant, but then Eve followed it up with she wanted me to trust her. And she knew I wouldn’t if she hid things.

“I have nothing to hide anyway.” Eve had assured me. “I have stuff you may not want to see… But I have nothing to hide.” She laughed, so I guess that was a joke. I hope it was anyway.

The worst time of my stay there was when I was forced to hold my bladder and bowels. But even then, Eve never let me suffer too long and she told me if it got uncomfortable just to tell her and she would let me go. I decided to try it once, just to see what she would do.

Eve had been sitting on her couch in front of the fire teasing me. She used her blue wand to make it rain in the living room to torture me.

I decided to test it out. “Umm… Eve.” I said slowly. “I… I don’t mean to be a bother… but I held it for a while for you this morning. My bladder really hurts so…”

“Seriously or are you messing around?” Eve giggled.

“I’m sorry, Eve.” I had said. “But I’m serious. I am super uncomfortable right now. It really, really hurts. I really need to…”

Eve instantly stopped her rainfall. Telling me that I was excused was one thing. But Eve instantly picked me up in her arms and sped me down the hall to the nearest washroom. She placed me on one of the large toilets, ripped down my pants and knickers and quickly said, “I give you permission to pee!”

I filled up the toilet. I smiled down at Eve. I reached down and grasped her hand and said, “My hero.” When in reality, my bladder didn’t hurt at all. But Eve thought it did. And that was enough for her to rush me to the bathroom!

And truthfully, I kind of liked holding. It grew on me after a while. I kind of enjoyed getting super desperate for Eve and begging her for permission to relieve myself.

Eve was also kind of fun when you got to know her. We would sit in the living room for hours and just talk and laugh. We would also drink a lot. Eve would make me pee dance for her and she would conjure up a bucket that she would pee in to torture me.

I also remember one day clearly. I was sorting Eve’s jars for her when she walked past me and whispered, “Pee your pants.” Of course, she still has command over my bladder. She says empty, I say ‘how much?’ And I kind of like it that way. I didn’t even have to go at the time she said this to me! But I ended up flooding my pants entirely, I playfully hit Eve on the arm and called her a creep. She tickled me and we both laughed hysterically.

There was also the time Eve forced me to masturbate in front of her. While cleaning her study, Eve sat down on a barrel and said,

“Know what you haven’t done yet?”

“What?” I asked.

“Masturbated in front of me.”

I dropped my duster. I glanced over at her. “What did you just say?”

“Un… unless you don’t want to.” Eve looked mortified. “Just… never mind, okay. Just a dumb idea.”

“No, I… I’m just taken aback.” I said. “Why exactly do you want me to masturbate in front of you?”

“I’ve already seen you pee.” Eve pointed out. “You’ve seen me pee. I’ve shown you around the castle. What else do we have to hide from one another?”

“I…” I began.

“Oh, it’s not like I’m asking to have sex with you!” Eve shouted. “Just… how would you do it? Say, I am not here and you are super horny. What would you do?”

I found what she just said strange about us having sex. I wasn’t even sure how to have sex with another woman and I didn’t care to. I’m straight, thank you very much!

“Please, only for a moment…” Eve batted her eyelashes at me. She was so cute when she begged.

“Why not?” I said. “You already control my pee and my shit. Why not my cum too?”

Eve laughed. “That’s the plan!” She kicked her legs out and in on the barrel like an excited child. She looked so cute like that.

So, I reluctantly took off my clothes and sat there on the floor fiddling with my clit. Once again, I enjoyed this more than I thought I would. Having Eve watch me… it was kind of sexy. In ‘a friend shows a friend how they do it’ sort of way of course!

I showed Eve football on TV. She was confused by the sport at first. Okay, a while. It took over a week but she finally got the basics down. She isn’t exactly a football fan yet, but we are working on it. First step… teach Eve that we don’t like the Dallas cowboys. We are Miami Dolphin fans in this castle! And now, Eve even asks to watch games with me. Granted, she still doesn’t completely understand the concept, but she really tries. And when I scream at the screen, she does too. I’m unsure if she gets why we are yelling or just copying me. But it is adorable nonetheless! We’ll just snuggle on the couch together and watch the games.

I honestly think Eve was just a lonely witch who needed a friend and she had no idea how to properly make them. I no longer felt like a captive here at all. Once again, I technically never was as I made the decision to come here, but still.

I do feel kind of bad, however. Eve didn’t want there to be secrets between us, but I still had a secret I was keeping from her. I longed for us to pee together again. When we sat on the toilet, and she grabbed my boobs and put her head on my shoulder and I felt her pubic hair and we were both gushing loudly together… That was one of the best moments of my life! I would have given anything to ask Eve for a quick pee together. Even a quick thirty second pee, just to satisfy my craving. But I was too embarrassed and couldn’t ask. The thing is, I am sure she would do it if I asked. I also longed to see Eve as desperate as the day we peed together, But I doubt that will ever happen again.

Eve said it was by accident, but I know she held her pee intentionally that day. I just haven’t completely figured out why. At the time, I thought Eve had held her pee for the sole purpose of torturing me. I thought she would make me watch her pee and make me beg and plead to pee and she would refuse. I thought she liked seeing me in pain and miserable. That is what witches are right? Cruel and evil? But now I think Eve held her pee that day because she wanted to play with me. After all, as soon as she asked how my bladder was and I told her, she instantly shut off her stream and got me on the toilet so we could pee together. Maybe she liked it. Then again, witches pee together all the time apparently. Eve clearly has no friends. Maybe she just wanted someone to pee with like she used to with her fellow witches.

And best of all, Eve completely forgot why she was mad at me and why she cursed my bladder and bowels in the first place. And truthfully, there were days I forgot too. No joke, I would wake up in the morning and go through the whole day only remembering twice, ‘hey, wasn’t there a reason this whole thing started?’ I was horrified that my… ‘mistake’ would be a big cause for drama between us. But Eve has completely forgiven me it seems. If she is still angry, she hasn’t shown it in the slightest.

*004*2022-12-31 02:52

Part 5!

One night, Eve and I were cuddling on the couch watching one of Eve’s witch shows. It was about a team of witches and wizards that hunted down other mythical creatures like vampires, werewolves, zombies. I once asked Eve if these guys were real. After all, witches are and by default, so are wizards. So, why not vampires, werewolves, and zombies too? Eve just laughed at me and told me nothing could harm me while I was here. I wasn’t scared to begin with. But hearing her say that while I lay nestled in her arms, using her breast as a pillow, I knew she was right.

The episode ended and the screen showed the next one ready to play.

“Just so you know, I have to pee.” I told Eve.

Eve quickly looked down at me and grinned ear to ear. “Oh, do you?” She taunted.

I laughed. “It’s just the first urge, calm yourself.”

Eve squinted her eyes at me. She did this whenever she wanted me to give her an honest answer. “You’ll tell me when it gets bad, right?”

I laughed again. “You’ll be the first to know!” I paused before adding, “Casue I’ll pee all over you!”

“You can’t do that!” Eve shouted, tickling me fiercely. “You know you’re not supposed to pee unless I say so. You can’t anyway!”

I laughed and wiggled. My bladder had extra pressure on it. This is what I loved. Cuddling with Eve, having her tickle me, and my bladder slowly swelling. What could be better? Then, something unexpected happened.

As Eve tickled me, she reached her head down and kissed me on the cheek. I froze and so did she. Neither one of us saw that coming. It was just a little cheek kiss. But I could tell that it was more than that to Eve. Much more.

Eve instantly stopped tickling me. Our eyes meet.

“What was that?” I asked.

“Umm…” Eve stammered.

“That was just a kiss between friends, right?” I asked.

“S… Sure, yes, yes! That… That is what it was.” Eve agreed.

I said, “That didn’t feel like a friendly kiss.”

“Umm…” Eve sighed and sat up straight. “Okay,” she said. “Okay, okay. You know my little secret.” Eve smiled at me and wiggled in her seat. “I like you.” She said goofy.”

“Well… W… With all the time we have been spending together,” I stammered. “I like you too. But as friends, okay?”

Eve scoffed. “Please, girl! I know you like me too! Sexually and romantically, that is.”

“No! I’m not gay!” I snapped. “And frankly, I am surprised you are!”

“I didn’t know it was a secret.” Eve replied. “Now, me liking you, that was a secret. But me being gay? That should have been general knowledge. And who are you lying to? I know you are gay too!”

“What?” Eve’s accusation nearly made me fall off the couch. “I’m not gay!”

“Sure,” Eve rolled her eyes.

“I’m not!” I wailed. “I like guys! I like dudes! I need dick!”

“Sure, sure, whatever you say.” Eve said.

“I’m not saying anything! I mean it!” I insisted. “I am attracted to dick not pussy!”

“Then why were you staring so long and hard at my pussy when I peed with you?” Eve asked.

“So you do remember that!” I cried. The words were out of my mouth before I could stop them. Maybe I said this because I was just so happy Eve remembered our glorious pee session together. Or maybe I figured this was as good a time to bring it up as any. But I shouldn’t have said it. Why did I say it?

“Remember what?” Eve asked. “Peeing together?”

I could feel my face turning red and my ears pink. “I… umm, I, uh, I…” I faltered, desperately looking for a way out, for a way to take back what I just said.

“Honey,” Eve rested a gentle hand under my cheek. The icy cold sensation was so familiar and so amazing. “I never forgot that.” Eve promised. “I have thought of us peeing together nearly every moment since it happened. I have longed to do it again too.”

Hearing Eve talk so sweetly to me and saying such nice things, I felt my clit get hard. Why was I getting a random erection?

I slapped my hand over my mouth. “Maybe I am gay…” I managed.

“What is so bad about that?” Eve asked.

I couldn’t take it. I leapt to my feet and raced down the hall and up the stairs, slamming the door to my bedroom. I don’t know what inspired me to run, all I knew was, I had to be left alone right now.

I heard intense knocking on the door. “Baby, baby, open the door.” Eve’s voice called.

“Go away, I need to be alone!” I snapped.

“Baby…”

“Don’t call me that!” I shouted.

The knocking slowly stopped and I heard Eve walk away.

I hated myself for being so cold to her. But I couldn’t believe it. I was gay…

END OF PART FIVE!!!

I lay in my bed, staring up at the dark ceiling, thinking about this new realization. Come to think of it, it made sense. Why was I so anxious to pee with Eve and see her pussy and her knickers? Why else did I enjoy cuddling with her? Why else did I even like to masturbate in front of her? All along, I thought we were doing those things as friends. But no. Eve found those things sexual. And maybe I did too. I was attracted to women? I even enjoyed these activities involving urine?

The second thing just hit me. Other than masturbation, it’s not even like the activities I was doing with Eve were normal sexual activities. I liked having her control my bladder and bowels. I liked having her watch me pee. I even liked having her make me wet myself. I especially loved to pee with her!

Not only was I turned on by all this pee stuff, but I was turned on doing all of this pee stuff… with another woman?

That was crazy… Those are two crazy realizations for one day.

I still couldn’t believe it. I was gay. Come to think of it, that kind of made sense. I remembered in school, how I had all guy friends. We sat at the front of class one day when we had a substitute. The substitute had enormous breasts. They were so large and perky and so much of her cleavage was showing. I remembered staring at those things the entire class period. The whole time, I just thought I was jealous. (This was the age when my boobs were just coming in and they were very tiny). But come to think of it, I was never jealous. I was aroused. And after school, my guy friends had begun discussing what hot knockers that sub had. I hadn’t said anything as I was the only girl. But there were many times in the conversation I wanted to say, ‘You got that right! Those things were massive! They were as big and as full as the moon!’

I also remembered one time when my parents went out of town and left me an my sister with our uncle. My sister and I were playing hide-and-seek in his house. I hid in his bedroom. Bored (since my sister is the worst hide-and-seek player ever), I began looking around my uncle’s room and eventually stumbled upon his playboys. I sat there in the dark, flipping through page after page of naked women. I didn’t know why, but I was so excited and with each page I turned, I was even more excited. I even came a little in my knickers, but I had no idea what that sticky white stuff was. I was only ten at the time.

This whole time, I have been gay. What would my parents say if they knew? My mom would have thrown a fit. She believed all the old timey garbage about how men propose to women and women care for the man, blah! She would not approve of me, her daughter, being with another woman.

My dad on the other hand was always understanding. My dad would sit me down with a plate of cookies and explain how there is nothing wrong with being gay. I thought of all the times my dad lightly teased me about boys. My dad was cool because he represented both sides of it. If I had a crush on a boy, my dad would sit me down and ask me about him. My dad would make kissy noises and do all kinds of dumb things to tease me. But then he would give me great guy advice. And after I did have a boyfriend, my dad would threaten to get out his shotgun. My dad was protective but also kind and playful. I knew he would understand. My dad would also understand my new found urine fetish. My dad understood everything! That is probably why I told him everything.

I imagined telling my family I was gay. My mom would resent me. My sister would make fun of me. My dad would approve. That is all I needed. My dad would approve. What else did I need?

I don’t even remember falling asleep, but I must have. When I woke up, it was morning outside my window. I also felt the feeling of an uncomfortable bladder down in my abdomen.

I remembered having a full bladder last night. It must have carried over to today. And it was even more full and uncomfortable than it was last night. I could just go and ask Eve if I could use the restroom really quick. But I was so embarrassed about being gay and running from her, and I was still unsure how I felt about all of this. I liked urine, I liked girls. It was all too strange, and I didn’t want to deal with it right now. I seriously didn’t want to see Eve right now. But I knew I would have too eventually. I couldn’t pee without her.

I lay in bed, tossing and turning, trying to get comfortable. But the pressure in my bladder was too great. I found myself having to lie on my side and squeeze my crotch to keep it all in. I knew I couldn’t leak. It was physically impossible to do so thanks to the witch’s dumb spell. But the pressure was getting to hurt a little and grabbing myself provided some relief.

I finally got up and potty danced over to the cabinet where I got a Pop Tart for breakfast. I ate the Pop Tarts, but they were so dry that I had to drink some cold water from the fridge with them. I knew I would regret that later, but I was so hungry, and I loved Pop Tarts!

I watched some TV to take my mind off of it. I wished I could go out and play some football like I used to do with my guy friends. But I didn’t have a team or even a football. And even then, all that running around would only aggravate my bladder even more.

At around noon, the pressure was really intense. And by three in the afternoon, I felt something else coming from the backdoor, ready to be let out. I held, and I held, and I held some more.

When I finally couldn’t take it anymore, I sucked up all my courage, left my room, and hobbled down the hall to once again see the witch.

*005*2023-01-15 21:57

Part six!

I knocked on the witch’s open door. I stood in the entrance to her study which is the place where she first let me pee into a bucket over a week ago now.

The witch’s cat was fast asleep on the floor. I came to learn his name was Coco. The witch sat at her table, using a quill to scribble some notes from a spell book onto a piece of paper.

“Umm… hey.” I said.

The witch quickly spun to face me. “Susan!” Eve cried. She looked so happy I thought she was going to try. “I am so, so sorry.” Eve said. “I didn’t mean to push you, honest! It’s just that I…”

“Yeah, can I just get a bathroom, please?” I asked, keeping my legs wrapped tightly around one another. I had one leg raised into my crotch and was busy bouncing on the other.

“Oh, I see you have to go.” Eve smiled.

“Number one and number two.” I said.

Eve smiled even wider. “Number one and number two, you say?” She smirked. “Just like the first day you came here and I first let you relieve yourself into my bucket.”

“I remember, now…”

“Poor girl!” Eve interrupted me. “I just realized, you haven’t pee peed all day! You poor thing.” She made a sad face. “But yes, you may be excused to visit the facilities.”

“Thanks…” I hesitated. “Do you want to pee with me again?” I blurted the question out.

Eve stared at me and I stared back at her.

“Really?” Eve squeaked. “I… Yes, yes! I would love to pee pee with you sweetie! And your timing couldn’t be better.” I noticed Eve was tightly crossing her legs. “I have been working on this spell all day and I have only taken one bathroom break around noon. To say I need to pee is an understatement!”

I grinned. “Will you make it?” I asked.

“I’m gonna try.” Eve kept her hands pressed down in her crotch. “You?”

“We’ll see,” I said, playfully.

Coco stretched from his long nap. He trotted over to his litter box in the counter. Coco climbed into his sandy liter box and squatted down. A faint hissing sound was heard. Even the cat was taunting us!

“Oh…” we both moaned.

“What does that remind you of?” Eve tightly crossed her legs, flattening her hands.

“U… using the bathroom…” I moaned, locking my knees together. I felt my legs buckle and my tired bladder quake. “I… I didn’t even know cats peed like that. I thought they lifted their legs like dogs.” I said.

“No, male cats have their penis on the back of their butt.” Eve explained. “Therefore, they have no need to lift their leg. They can spray just fine as is. Now, as much as I like discussing cats' urination habits, I like talking about it even more when I don’t have to pee myself!”

“Good call.” I said.

The two of us went racing down the hall for the nearest toilet.

“So what is bringing this on?” Eve asked as we ran. “Don’t get me wrong, I am super happy you want to pee with me, but I thought you were embarrassed to be gay?”

“I was more surprised than anything.” I admitted. “I needed time alone to think. Sorry for running off on you last night, by the way.”

“No problem. I am sorry I pushed you so hard.” Eve said.

“Well, to be fair if you didn’t,” I said. “I may not have realized I was gay. By the way, me too.”

“What?” Eve asked.

Stumbling as I ran, I turned and smiled at Eve. “Me too.” I said. “I like you too. Romantically and sexually.”

Eve grinned super wide. “Really?”

“Really.” I agreed. “It is also thanks to you that I discovered my urine fetish!”

“Yeah? You like this stuff too?”

“I do! I am really enjoying these activities.” I admitted.

“That is great to hear, honey, cause I am too.” Eve giggled.

“How long have you been into urine stuff?” I wondered.

Eve thought for a moment. “As long as I can remember. I don’t know what it is, I just find it super exciting! Even more exciting when I get to control you.” Eve slapped hard on my full bladder.

I moaned. But the feeling was indescribable. I felt my clit swell up instantly and felt my heart beat begin to race. My bladder was shaking and I loved it!

“Are all witches and wizards into this stuff?” I asked.

“No. We are like humans in that sense.” Eve replied. “Some of us get aroused by different things. And yes. Even witches and wizards have sex!”

We both laughed, putting extra pressure onto our aching bladders.

We finally reached the bathroom and came up to the monster sized toilet. Eve and I just stood there for a few moments. We just stood there, grabbing ourselves, shifting our legs, staring up at the beautiful toilet. It was kinda fun to stand here and just potty dance with the woman I loved.

Finally, we began taking off our pants and knickers. I hadn’t noticed so much with my pants on, but I realized that my bladder was pretty swollen and bulging out quite a bit. I haven’t pee all day at this point. In fact, it has been like twenty hours since I last peed. No wonder my bladder was big.

Sadly, Eve didn’t have that large of a bladder bulge. Her bladder was diffidently puffed out and bigger than it should have been. But even then, it was a lot smaller than mine. I have been holding nearly three times as long as her, after all.

“You first.” I said.

“Thank you, what a lady.” Eve giggled. Eve climbed up onto the giant sized bowl and slid as far back as she could.

I climbed up next to her, but I came up facing her. Eve and I both sat on the toilet with our faces towards one another.

“You’re facing the wrong way.” Eve told me while wiggling around.

“I know.” I said. “I wanted to face you this time.” This was only half true. I did want to face Eve this time. But I had another motive for this decision.

“Aww…” Eve gushed. “Okay, well, let’s go!”

“I do have to poop too.” I pointed out. “Is that okay?”

“Of course!” Eve shouted. “I mostly like pee, but I also get aroused by poop. That’s why I cursed your bladder and bowels.”

Something was a bit off with this sentence. ‘That’s why I cursed your bladder and bowels.’ I thought Eve cursed me as punishment for what I did to her. Before I could ask, Eve leaned forward so our noses were touching and she said to me in a hushed voice, “Okay, sweetie, you may relieve yourself now.”

Once again, as soon as Eve said this, I didn’t have a choice. I automatically began gushing nonstop into the toilet bowl. I heard Eve’s powerful stream too. I looked down in between our legs and saw twin streams firing down into the water. The relief felt so good! Both of our bladders slowly shrank down. There was a ker-plung as I let some excrement drop down into the bowl. The toilet was so big, that I only felt a few droplets of water splatter against my vulva. I wondered if they hit Eve’s vulva too? If Eve got splattered with toilet water because of my poop, that would have been so hot!

“Ahh…” Eve sighed. “Feels good to pee, huh?”

In response to that, I gently placed my hands on Eve’s shoulders and pulled her into a kiss. But this kiss was on the lips. Eve and I kissed and kissed. We grabbed each other’s shirts and quickly began pulling them off.

Eve and I soon sat there on the giant toilet, naked while kissing and peeing.

*006*2023-01-15 21:58

Part seven!

The next week was one of the happiest of my whole life. Eve and I were now officially an item! Eve has shown me how she does her experiments and even allowed me to help. I showed her how I can burp the alphabet (I still got it!) And our nights are filled with cuddling and watching TV.

I have suggested we go on an actual date like dinner or a movie. But Eve sadly told me that witches and wizards shouldn’t be seen in public. Last time they were, there was teh whole event of the Salem Witch Trails, and they want to avoid that.

But that was okay with me. I liked staying here and having fun with Eve. If I didn’t like being her bladder/bowel slave before, now I loved it! I love having to beg and plead with her for the bathroom when I was bursting to go.

We peed together at least once a day and it was always magical!

We even had sex for the first time. Eve, being gay, has had sex with other women before. She showed me what to do. I was scared at first, but as it turns on, I loved this too! Who knew there were so many sex positions for lesbians! There were, of course, 69. But also scissoring, doggy style, missionary, queening, the stretch, and so many more. We used tons of toys. I just loved having Eve finger me! No better feeling in the whole world!

The entire week was filled with sex, pee, and other fun (more normal) activities. Our love grew and grew over all the time we spent together.

Finally, one night, I sat on the couch in the main hall eating a hot dog and watching the game in my old jersey. That’s when I saw a box appear in front of me. And I mean appear in front of me. Out of thin air, appeared a blue box with a red bow that rested on the table. Blue and red, my two favorite colors I noticed.

Examining the tag, I saw it was a gift from my gf. I suppose she could have just given this present to me. But hey, she has magic. Why not make it appear out of nowhere.

I wiped some mustard off my hand, onto my jersey, and I picked up the present and eagerly tore off the bow and opened the box. What I saw inside surprised me greatly. I reached a shaking hand into the box.

“You like ‘em?” There was a cloud of golden dust and Eve appeared in front of me.

“Men’s boxers!” I cried, showing the package to Eve.

“I remember how your mother never let you wear them, despite how comfortable they are.” Eve said. “But you’re mother isn’t here! Try them on! And let me watch while you do it!”

A couple weeks ago, even last week for that matter, I would have been super reluctant to strip in front of the witch. But now, I simply tore off my jeans and stupid girly knickers and kicked them away. I ripped open the package of boxers and quickly stuck one on. They were blue and red plaid. Again, my two favorite colors. I also like plaid! Eve knows me so well!

“You like ‘em?” Eve asked.

“I love them!” I shouted. “So much movement! Thank you sooo much, babe! I’m never wearing these dumb things again!” I bent down and scooped up my silly pink lady panties. “Bye, bye girly garments!” I shouted before throwing them into the fire.

“I am so happy you like them!” Eve jumped up and down, clapping her hands together.

“But I’m confused.” I said. “I thought you couldn’t be seen in public because you are a witch.”

“I wasn’t.” Eve pulled her yellow wand out of her belt and wiggled it around. “I just conjured them up.”

“I love having a girlfriend with magic!” I cried.

“Yeah,” Eve threw her arms around me and we both fell onto the couch, making out. Eve even began to play with me through my new boxers.

“Hey,” I said, gently pulling away. “Can I ask you something?”

“Sure,” Eve replied. “But I may not be able to answer as I’m going to eat your pussy!” Eve reached for the waistband of my boxers.

“Hey,” I said. “Would you mind, as you say, ‘eating my pussy’ through the flap?” I asked. “You know, the one guys used to pee out of.”

“Oh, you are a dirty girl.” Eve giggled. Eve cheerfully pulled the flaps to the side and moved the boxers around until she had a good view of my clit.

“So, anyway,” I said. “What I wanted to ask you waAaaA!” I wailed as I felt Eve’s lips close around my clitorial hood and her warm, wet tongue moved my clit up and down and to the side. “I… I wanted to a… ASK y…” I slapped my hand on the couch, finding it difficult to concentrate on my words. “Oh, fuck… FUCK!” I shouted, slapping the couch harder.

Eve pulled away and spit a wad of saliva onto my clit and began fingering it all around, rubbing the spit in. “You wanted to ask me?” She asked.

“Umm… yeah…” I managed. “How do you know so much about me? My personal life before I came here, I mean?” I have been wondering this since the first night when Eve acted like my father and my sister and even told me all about my childhood before I even mentioned it to her.

“I do my research.” Eve said, beating her fingers down onto my clit.

“Right… B… B… but… Oh, fuck…” I moaned. “H… how do you k… KNOW a… All of that?”

Eve took a break from rubbing my clit and looked up at me. Having her finger me and eat my pussy felt so good, I was so tempted to scream, ‘Never mind! I don’t care! Just get back to it!’ But I needed to know the answer to this pressing question I had. I never though I would say this, but sex can wait.

Eve pursed her lips and pulled her hair out of her eyes. “The truth?” She asked.

“Yeah.” I said.

“I have a question I need an answer to first.” Eve said. “Do you love me?”

I wasn’t expecting this. “Of course,” I said, slightly nervous.

Eve let out a sigh. “I love you too. I said I didn’t want there to be any secrets between us. And yet, I have had a secret I have been keeping from you for a long time. Two weeks in fact.” Eve climbed up off her knees and sat down besides me. “I’ll bet you have a lot of questions. Why am I no longer mad at you for what you did? How do I know so much about you? Am I right?”

“Now that you mention it, yes.” I said. “I nearly forgot… I insulted you. That is why you cursed me in the first place! And yet… You forgave me nearly instantly. That very same night in fact, you weren’t even mad at me.”

Eve nodded. “Yeah… I… I may have exaggerated about how mad I was.” Eve said.

“What does that mean?” I asked.

“Well… One night a few weeks ago,” Eve began. “I was flying around searching for potion ingredients in the dead of night. I passed over your town and saw you and your friends playing that football game at the park.”

“We liked to play late.” I recalled.

Eve continued, “Well… As you know by now, I am gay. And, I thought you were beautiful from the moment I first saw you. Pretties mortal I have ever seen.” Eve said, tucking my hair behind my ear. “Not that that is saying much. Witches and wizards usually find humans to be pretty ugly.”

“Okay.” I said, not sure whether to be overjoyed or offended.

“Anyway,” Eve went on. “I was instantly head over heels for you. I loved you so much, I couldn’t get you out of my head. I could barely control my broomstick. After you and your friends went home, I swooped down and found some of your hair on the grass. I took it home and used my cauldron and a spell. I used a spell to retrace your whole history and learn all about you. I was heartbroken to see your mother act so harsh. I was touched, however, at how close you and your father were. The girls teased you for acting like a boy. The boys, however, thought you were cool. Your sister was mean to you, your mom abused your dad. Some parts were hard to watch and some were very touching. Some made me cry and some made me laugh. I am sorry. I hope you are not too angry with me for invading your privacy like that. I even used it against you that first night to make you pee in the bucket for me. I’m sorry.”

I didn’t know what to say. Eve was pretty much the witchy version of an internet stalker. But she only did it because she liked me. Honestly, if I had these powers and I had feelings for someone, I might do this as well.

“It’s okay.” I said. “I forgive you. But that doesn’t explain why you have forgiven me so easily?”

“Well, let’s just say…” Eve swallowed, clearly uncomfortable. “You may want to hold off on forgiving me so quickly. Remember… Remember when we first met? You were hiking in the mountains by yourself. I pretended to just casually be there for no reason. I allowed you to watch me preform magic. Nothing insane. I just used my green wand to make plants grow at an alarming rate. I then looked at you. You screamed and threw a rock at me and ran. I wanted you to do that. I had hoped you would do that.”

“You… you weren’t offended?” I asked in surprise.

“Hell no!” Eve waved her hand. “I am used to that reaction from humans. Humans just can’t handle seeing magic. That is the whole reason why my kind was forced into hiding, remember? Besides, I have thick skin. It would take a lot more than screaming and throwing a rock at me to scare me. But this was all a set-up. I flew after you and told you that you insulted me. I then placed that curse on your bladder and bowels only to empty when I said so.”

I remembered something Eve once told me. ‘That’s why I cursed your bladder and bowels.’ Eve also said that she had a fetish for both pee and poop. She just likes pee better. One by one, the puzzle pieces clicked into place.

“It was a set-up all along?” I asked. “I never offended you! You would have expected that reaction from me watching you perform magic! You weren’t upset, you weren’t offended! And you cursed my bladder and bowels because you have a fetish for the stuff. You wanted to play with me while desperate. You wanted to play with my pee and poop!” I leapt to my feet. “I didn’t have to come here at all! Well, I guess I did because the curse was real, but still… It was all a trick!”

“I’m sorry, please, don’t say that.” Eve begged. “Yes, it was a trick. It was a dirty, dirty trick. But I am so happy you came here!”

“Oh, I’ll bet you were!” I snapped. “I spent this whole time thinking that in the back of your mind, you were still upset. No wonder you were so kind and playful from the get-go! You were never mad. Not even for a second! You were anticipating I would freak out so you could curse me! I thought I was the problem! I thought I offended you! I was upset with myself for a while!”

“You shouldn’t be,” Eve said, standing up as well. “You are perfect and I am a bitch.”

“You can say that again,” I grunted. I debated leaving the castle all together knowing I wasn’t being punished. But of course, Eve still had my bladder and bowels under the curse. Still, I was so upset with her that never peeing or pooping again might be worth never seeing her again.

In the end, I knew I couldn’t leave. I said that, but I would be super uncomfortable tomorrow night at the latest. No, I had to stay. If I left, my bladder and bowels would always be in endless pain. So, instead of leaving the castle, I marched up the stairs.

“Susan, please, don’t do this again!” Eve rushed after me. “Don’t run away again, please…”

I rounded on her. “Okay, the first time I freaked out and ran away, that was on me. I was afraid that I was gay and left, okay, fair enough, my bad. But this time… You lied to me and used me.”

“I never used you!” Eve promised.

“Oh, no?” I demanded. “You get your sick kicks from seeing me desperate!”

“I thought you enjoyed it too?”

I was so angry that I was shaking. “That’s besides the point!” I snapped. I stormed down the hall and slammed my door.

*007*2023-01-15 21:59

Part eight:

I lay in my bed and thought of what just happened downstairs. The truth was, I kind of understood where Eve was coming from. She just liked me and she does have magic. It must be tempting to turn her crush into her personal bathroom slave. That way, she can get a friend, a lover, and satisfy her sexual fetishes. Still, I hated how she lied to me like that. She set me up to insult her and I never actually did insult her. It was all a trick.

I thought of how I came here willingly. Eve must have known I would get tired of always having a full bladder and bowels and seek her out for relief. In fact, I wasn’t even desperate when I made the choice to come here.

Speaking of desperation, I felt my first need to pee. Oh great! Shouldn’t be long now before I have to go back to Eve, even after throwing that fit.

There was a knock at my door. It was a powerful knock that kept repeating and repeating. Knock, Knock, Knock, Knock, Knock, Knock, Knock. The knocks just keep coming, each one more desperate than the last.

What did she want now? I miserably climbed out of bed and opened the door. I was shocked at what I was. Standing there banging on my door, shuffling her feet, squeezing her crotch with her whole fist, was Eve. She had severe desperation in her eyes. I noticed Eve’s bladder was bulging out more than I have ever seen any bladder bulge. It looked giant, like she could fit an actual watermelon inside. How did she have to go so bad already? It has only been an hour since I stormed up here. How did she get so desperate so fast?

“What the… This isn’t the bathroom.” I said miserably, leaning on the door.

“I know,” Eve stood, shaking her legs. “I came to ask for permission to use one.”

“You don’t need my permission to do anything.” I reminded her. “I am the one with the curse.”

“No, we both are.” Eve said.

“Huh?” I asked.

Eve explained, “I placed a curse on my bladder and bowels too. Now I can’t empty unless you give me permission! And in addition, I made a potion of intense liquid. Its effects make water twenty-one times more powerful. So, like a drop of water is actually twenty-one with this potion. I drank it all down… And I need to pee!”

I was incredibly touched. Eve placed this spell on herself and drank a powerful water potion, knowing full well that if I refused to let her pee, she was stuck like this.

“Listen,” Eve said. “I don’t blame you for being mad. And if you don’t want me to pee, that is fine. I deserve it, let me suffer! But I won’t take the spell off.”

“Could you?” I wondered, unable to believe I never thought of asking this question.

“Yes,” Eve admitted. “I could. But I won’t. Not on me anyway. I am stuck like this until you let me pee. I love you, Susan. So, so much. My action were stupid, I am the first to admit that, okay? But I love you. I like this urine and feces stuff. But more importantly, I love you. You make me so happy. You teach me about the human world. I love you so, so much. I understand football now! You are the kindest, funniest person I ever met and I don’t even really like humans. Before you came around, I was so lonely! Just me, Coco, and my experiments and they aren’t the best company. What do you say, Susan… Forgive me?”

I stared at Eve, watching her dance and squirm for a bathroom. I smiled up at her. I then asked something that I knew would catch Eve off guard. “Do you have any more of that intense liquid potion?”

“I HAVE TO PEEEEEE!!!” I shouted, squeezing my crotch as tightly as I could.

“Welcome to the club,” Eve grunted, hunched over to hold herself better.

We stood in Eve’s study next to her now empty cauldron which once contained intense liquid position. I understood what Eve meant. I felt at least twenty-one times the liquid I drank down inside my pelvis.

“Come on,” I whimpered, crossing my legs tightly. “Let’s go pee!”

The two of us dashed down the halls. We often had to stop to squeeze and dance and regain control. Of course, we only did this because it made us feel better. We ran down the hall, knowing that neither one of us were physically able to leak a single drop.

We darted into the bathroom.

“Oh, god. Oh, god. Oh, god,” I mumbled as I yanked off my pants and boxers. Eve lifted her skirt off her body and pulled off her sparkling blue knickers.

Eve climbed up onto the giant toilet first and I went up after her. This time, I sat with my back to Eve, just like the first time we peed. I carefully wiggled my butt against her so I could feel her hairy pussy against my bare bottom.

“You may pee.” Eve said desperately.

“You may pee too!” I quickly added.

We let out lengthy twin sighs of relief. Eve and I sat there together as we both gushed our clear, powerful streams into the bowl, quickly turning the water light yellow.

“You… you forgive me?” Eve panted.

I shrugged. “Kind of have to, don’t I?” I pointed out. “If I don’t, I may never pee again. My bladder won’t let me stay angry at you!”

Eve laughed.

“And hey,” I said. “I have something I think you’ll like.”

“What?” Eve asked.

I lifted my butt off the seat just a little. I let out a strong fart.

“Oh…” Eve moaned. “That is sexy…” Eve reached in front of me and began playing with my pubic hair. Unlike Eve, I trimmed. I didn’t shave, just trimmed. So, naturally, I had a lot less than she did. But Eve liked playing with my few hairs anyway. “Speaking of,” Eve said. “I have to poop too. May I?”

I pretended to debate the matter for a moment. “You may.” I finally said.

“Yes!” Eve cried. Eve grunted and pushed behind me. The sound was so hot! I heard a splash and felt a couple drops of water hit my butt. “Now that is a touchdown.” Eve said.

I laughed. Laughing only made my already powerful stream come out even more violent. I was spraying the inside of the bowl, high above the waterline.

“Did I use that football expression correctly?” Eve asked.

“You did,” I confirmed.

“Good!”

Eve gently began rubbing my clit, nothing crazy, just a little rub. I laid back on her, feeling her breasts against the back of my head. Eve rested a hand on my arm. I looked back at her. With my head on her boobs looking up at her we kissed. It was just a quick kiss, but very passionate!

It felt good to pee. But it felt even better to pee with my girlfriend.

*008*2023-01-15 22:00

Ninth and Final part:

Eve and I collapsed on the couch. We were both breathing heavily. We held so much for so long that we were both so relieved and ready to take a nap. Holding all that liquid took a lot out of us. We ended up peeing for three straight minutes! If that doesn’t say how much we held in, then I don’t know what does? By the time we flushed, the water was a bright yellow.

“That potion you made really was effective.” I told Eve.

“Thank you,” She laughed.

“You should make it more.” I said.

“Maybe I will.” Eve laughed even more, cuddling up with me. Her laughter quickly died down. “So, I’ll bet you want me to take your curse away now, huh? Let you pee and poop whenever you want?”

I thought for a moment. “Nah.” I finally said. “Keep it. Since I’m staying here, I mind as well keep the curse.”

“So… you’re staying here?” Eve asked.

“Yep.” I agreed. Coco leapt onto the couch with us. “Hi, buddy.” I said, scratching the black cat behind the ear. He purred.

“Here that, Coco,” Eve said. “Susan is staying.”

“Yep.” I agreed. I turned to Coco. “You better leave buddy,” I said. “Things are about to get a little PG-13.”

“PG-13?” Eve asked. “I was hoping for an R rating.”

Smiling, I grabbed the witch and began making out with her while the confused black cat just watched us.

Let me know if you think I should do more of this series! Thanks for reaidng!

