Bursting in a Jam

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-02-25 23:22

{{:

Quote

Summary: A woman traveling home from work ends up stuck in traffic. She is already bursting and is stuck in this traffic nightmare. Eventually, she has a full-blown accident in her car. The content of this story includes bursting to urinate, desperation holding, spurting, accidental wetting, wetting car seat and clothing.

Comments: Greetings and welcome to another of my short fictions. I admit this one is longer than the last story. Again, they're no complicated back stories or character descriptions. Please don't mind the cheezy spelling of names. Please feel free to post your comments and critiques. Be nice about it. Thank you.

Title: Bursting in a Jam

Characters:

- Klareese Prinston - the main protagonist of the story

- Karl Prinston - husband of the main protagonist

- Unknown woman- a stranger amongst the traffic to violate public indecency rules

- Irrate driver - impatient driver

Plot: It was the end of the work shift and time to get home. People understood it was better to stay home rather than spend anymore time outside unnecessarily. Klareese was no different and she had to get home BADLY!

Klareese was holding her urine for a whole day since morning. She worked at a medical lab (like QuestDiagnostics, Inc.) testing patient specimens for the past 2 years. However, during the month of April 2020 the covid19 pandemic was raging. Businesses closed and traffic reduced by a lot. It also meant there were no public restrooms available. Her workplace saw huge loads of patient specimens to test which took up her two 15-minute break times and only left lunch break. To make matters worse, this week saw plumbing issues for the women's bathrooms and only 1 out of the 3 stalls were available. Due to the pandemic, no one was coming at this time.

Usually she made it home with some minor wetting or no wetting at all. Today would be different. She hobbled to her car as quickly as she could. Klareese threw her lunch bag into the back seat, and closed the door. She made her way into her driver's seat, all while trying not to have an accident.

She started the car and drove off. As usual, she took the I-817 expressway (made up highway!) home. This highway was the fastest route between her hometown and the work place. Due to the pandemic, traffic was almost non-existent. "Ooooooh ... (panting) Iiii've really gotta pee. Thank gawd traffic is sooooo good. Home stretch baby .... oooooh!" she said aloud.

It seemed she would be home in no time. Then, just 3/4 of a mile away from her exit disaster struck. "Noooooooonononononooo! Not now oh please not now!" she whined. Up ahead was a huge procession of vehicles in all lanes stationary and their bumper lights glowing red. It was a traffic jam. "How could there be a traffic jam? It's covid19 time. There shouldn't be anyone on the road! she thought.

Klareese tried looking ahead, moving to her left and standing up a little to see what was the problem. But alas, she couldn't see anything around the abundance of trees that blocked her view of the curved road ahead. She turned on the radio to find out what was the issue. Changing channel after channel, but finding nothing. The only broadcasted news was crime, politics, and a lost kitten. No traffic report found.

"Damn it. What the hell happened?" she said aloud. For the next 10 minutes, Klareese was doing her best not to have an accident. She was adjusting and readjusting her position in her seat while shaking her left leg. Klareese kept her hands in her crotch for extra protection and defense against wetting herself. Klareese tried listening to some music, but that didn't help much, especially since the music wasn't her favorite.

Then, Klareese hears her phone vibrating from her purse. She put it on the seat next to herself. Taking a chance to reach for it could mean having an accident, but not looking at the message could mean missing something important. Not only that, but it could be from Karl. Klareese was in no mood for an accident, but didn't want to ignore it.

She carefully reached for her phone and turned on the screen saver. She typed the password 5500, clicked enter, and went for her messaging app icon. There was one message from Karl which she went to view.

Karl: Good afternoon my love! How are you? Can't wait to see you for our anniversary dinner. I am making it as we type. and .

Klareese: Stuck in traffic and need to pee! Be home as soon as possible!

With that, she returned her focus to her pressing matter. A wave of desperation soon overcame her lower region. At this point, her urine felt like a deluge and holding it back was painful. Her lower muscles held back the deluge the whole day and were tired.

Poor Klareese had nowhere to go and nothing to do. She, like so many others, had to sit there until traffic moved again. And worse? It was still daytime. There was no way she could urinate into a container without someone potentially seeing her lewd action. Klareese was surrounded on three sides by traffic and the guard rail on her right. "hmmmmmMMMMMwhat's taking so long? I have to pee and I'm stuck in this hell hooooOOOOOH!".

For the next 10 minutes, traffic was still stationary and nothing to do. Drivers kept blaring their horns and yelling through their driver's side windows. Klareese was hoping against hope she got home. She couldn't wait to get home and have a wonderful pee. She was instinctively rocking back and forth in her seat, looking for anyplace to relieve herself. Of course she knew there was nowhere to go, but she felt she had to go and go now.

Just then, she felt the car move forward. Gasping, she immediately put the car in park. She was so busy trying to stay dry she instinctively brought her legs and foot closer to herself, easing somewhat off the gas pedal. In the process of gasping, she flinched a little which caused her to loosen her control over her lower region. A 1 second spurt slipped passed her and dampen her lace panty. She quickly clamped her exit hole shut, but a dime-sized wet spot was eched on her undergarment.

Frantic and nervous, Klareese honked her horn. "Come on move it! I have to go. I'm about to pee mys ... ooooh!". Now she was shaking her knee rapidly while bobbing up and down. She was breathing a little more labored and wincing. Just then, someone emerged from the front passenger side of a red Corvette z06. This car was in the middle lane next to a black Opal Speedster in front of Klareese. What happens next was just shocking!

This woman (aka Unknown woman from the character section) bent down in pain, keeping her hands in her crotch to prevent wetting herself. However, black streaks were traveling down her jeans. Without warning, this woman unzipped her jeans, opened the pant button, and pulled it down while squatting down. All this was done while uncontrollably wetting her jeans, and then the ground. Her urine stream then became a huge gusher. The unknown woman was full-on urinating in public.

The unknown woman's urine stream produced a puddle and a few protruding rivers that traveled far away from the main puddle. One went to the right of this woman and dripped off the highway down to the local road below. Another went in the opposite direction of traffic.

Klareese couldn't help letting her mouth drop in shock, disgust, and jealousy. Here was Klareese, stuck in traffic and bursting. But here was this woman shamelessly urinating in public. The woman didn't try to cover herself. Everything was open to see, including her urine stream.

Klareese always opposed public urination and believed the act to be indecent as well as unhygienic. She couldn't believe this woman was doing this at a time when she was dying to urinate. "Why is this bimbo peeing when I can't?" she whined. But her desperation was immense and holding it was torture. Klareese was always a proper female who relieved herself in a proper toilet stall. But right now, being so desperate and seeing this woman doing her business only stoked jealousy. Some part of her wanted relief too and wished she could be this woman.

This spectacle lasted for 1 minute and 30 seconds. Then, the woman (who was still dripping didn't bother to expel all of her leftover dripping urine) pulled up her ruined undergarment and jeans. The woman entered back into the Corvette like nothing happened. But before the woman finished, Klareese's attention was drawn away from the woman and to her own predicament.

A wave of desperation came rapidly, snapping Klareese back to herself. Klareese tried to retighten her exit hole but she wasn't fast enough. Due to being distracted, she eased up on her lower muscles and had to refocus on them to tighten her control. In that time, two spurts slipped passed her. The first came from trying that close it which pushed some urine out. Her tortured lower muscles quivered and couldn't hold it, allowing a two-second spurt to dampen her white lace panty.

The damp spot became bigger into a dollar coin-sized wet spot. Some of her urine wet further wet the inside portion of her work pants directly covering the area. In addition, some spilled out from the sides of her gusset. The sides of her buttocks and the surrounding inside fabric of her pants were also dampened. Although she did get the leak under control, the warm dampness was slowly cooling down. Her nether region felt like it was drowning, sending shivers down her spine. Unfortunately for Klareese, that meant another spurt came out. Luckily, it lasted only half a second.

Now more frantic, Klareese desperately wanted to go home. She couldn't stand this traffic and just wanted this nightmare to end. She was holding tighter than before which only made the wave of desperation even worse. Her breathing was more labored from holding it in so tight and through her gritted teeth. Her legs shaking up and down quicker, hands in her crotch, and shifting back and forth. Everything movement she could do she did to make sure she didn't wet herself.

Just then, her phone vibrated. "Ooooowhat now?". She ignored the message and just kept holding it intently. "When will this traffic MOVE!?". Sweating and becoming exhausted, she was becoming nervous she wouldn't be able to hold it any longer. Even her urethra muscles were starting to ache, burn, and possibly go numb. Everything from breakfast, lunch, plus the coffees from her boss waited long enough, and now wanted release. Like a mob trying to break down the door, her deluge kept applying pressure.

Another 15 minutes passed before the traffic started moving again. "Finally I can go home!" she said as she carefully removed her right hand from her crotch and to the transmission shift. She put the car in drive and was ready to relinquish her foot off the break pedal. She inhaled a large gulp of air to hold it in very tight and stave off any waves of desperation should it come.

Just when the second car in front of her started to move, traffic stopped. Klareese was overcome with anger and more irritated. She moved up about a foot before stopping again. "Slaag! I thought for sure this nightmare was done!". For the next several minutes, she did nothing else but hold it. She came this far and couldn't give up now.

Her war wasn't just against the deluge. It was now against her exhausted body. Two voices emerged in her mind.

Voice #1: Time to go. You've held it this long and any longer is just more pain. Just let it go. Who cares about anyone else? If that woman (Unknown woman) could do it so can you.

Voice #2: No don't do that. You're an adult and 25 years old. Adults don't have accidents. You would have to clean the whole car seat which would be exoensive. How would you explain this to Karl?

Voice #1: Even adults have limits. Just go slowly. Don't let it out all at once.

Voice #2: It's wrong and embarrassing. Don't listen to her!

Voice #1: Don't listen to her!

This battle waged for another 5 minutes. She considered giving up many times but she just couldn't bring herself to do ut. But she wanted this torture to end. She could feel herself sweating and exhaustion increasing. Plus, her lower region was starting to go numb. "I can't do this I just can't!" she thought. Although she wasn't going to give up, she knew her will power wouldn't last much longer. She HAD to get home soon.

Just then, she saw cars moving again. The traffic was moving as normally. She quickly reached for the transmission stick, but removing her hand caused a half second small spurt. She quickly out her hand on her crotch. After 5 seconds, she went reached out for the stick again. "So far so good. No spurts." she said. She put the car in drive, and was ready to move.

As the car in front of her started moving, she started moving. She slowly accelerated in cautious optimism. So far the traffic was moving at a decent pace. But she kept two car length distance to be ready to stop. But 20 seconds into the drive, an irrate driver from behind (a trucker driving a big rig) blared his horn real loud. Klareese, not focused or aware, jumped and gasped at the sound of the horn, flinching in the process.

Aaaaaaand that was the end of her battle to stay dry. "No no no nononononononoooooooo! Aaaah ... aaauuuhhhh" she cried. Poor Klareese was now urinating uncontrollably and and not full force. There was no stopping it. This happened while trying to regain control of the car. Flinching caused Klareese to jerk to her left, almost hitting the car in front. She was turning the wheel erratically in the opposite direction of the car as she was swerving. She was not just trying to regain control on the road, she was trying to regain control over her exit hole.

Her urine was quickly soaking her lace panty, turning it from beautiful white to a stained yellow. The wet spot rose up the front gusset, down the middle and up the back end. The lower hem of her red business casual shirt (tucked in her pants) was dampened. Even from the sides of gusset, urine spilled out to damped her buttocks. The surrounding area of her pants (inside and outside) were becoming stained.

Her urine pooled around her buttocks, crotch, and underneath her thighs nearby on the car seat. Klareese could feel her clothes clinging to herself, feeling the warmth as it cooled down. Her nether region felt inundated by her urine. So uncomfortable and gross, she shivered making her urination more.

At last, Klareese regained control of her car and kept driving. She increased her speed to get away from the irrate driver and away from all prying eyes. She knew she was publicly urinating and she just wanted to get away. Even better was to vanish than face humilation. She got onto the exit ramp and didn't even bother to stop at the light. She just kept driving and didn't even notice the driver from her left approaching. She just kept driving.

After 5 minutes, she came onto her street. She passed several intersections before reaching her house. Suddenly, she pulled over to one side. She put the car in park. For 5 minutes she sat there taking in what happened. She just urinated on herself in her car in public. She wanted to get home, but realized if she got out of the car, everyone outside would see her wet clothes. Her street was filled with people enjoying and block party next to hers. The smell was awful. There was no way she could leave her car. Also, she would have to explain this if Karl saw this.

At this moment, she was damned either way and didn't know what to do. She started banging on her starring wheel, yelling "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa .... aaaaaaaaaa ... (banging coming to a stoo, and now replaced with sobs) ... aaaahuuuuhuuu!". Klareese was so close and if it weren't for the traffic, covid19, and the irrate driver she would still only have a small accident which could be mitigated with a normal laundry wash. No one would notice any small wet spots. But her clothes were truly ruined and there was no way she could hide it.

"Why me? Why me to have this misfortune? What did I do? I am a good person. I just wanted to go home. Was that too much to ask for? But no, we couldn't do that because a bunch of stupid Trump protesters! Dumb Trump dumb Trump people! I hate you Trump and this pandemic! And stupid plumbers!".

It turns out the reason for the traffic nightmare was a bunch of Trump protesters wanting attention for thir cause. They rallied to close off the highway in hopes they could get support for their movement aginst the Democratic leadership for the lock downs and social distancing rules. They believe the outbreak is a hoaks meant to control their lives.

Klareese cried for the next 10 minutes. She couldn't face the public let alone Karl. She only felt safety in her car. Out of the blue, a knock was heard on her car window. She flinched and turned in the direction of the knock only to see it was Karl. Her face turned pale but still chose to tell him the truth.

Klareese: Hey Karl. Sorry for not replying you back. I .. I .. I had an accident. I pissed myself ...

Karl: Oh really no problem. Stay here I'll get a towel.

Karl ran in got I side the house, grabbed one of his bath towels and gave it to Klareese. She got out and quickly put it around her waist. She closed the door and came inside. Klareese undressed and took a shower. She cleaned each foot before placing them on the bath mat. Afterwards, she was treated for dinner who helped her forget about her accident. They made love and took care of her clothes and car seat the next day.

THE END

}}

*002*2022-02-26 00:52

I can't. I think it's because I am copying and pasting my story from another pee website where I originally posted this story. Sorry about the eye pain.

*005*2022-02-27 19:54

{{11 minutes ago, WatchMeWiggle said:

Why did it get unnecessarily political at the end? That really ruined it.

}}

I wrote the political stuff as a means to explain what causes the traffic jam. I wrote this in 2020 and in reflection of the time. Although it is fiction, but where I live some places took away public access for using the bathrooms (whether altogether or after a certain time). I did make reference of this in one of my other stories - Desperate Ascension. But again it is fictional rebellion based on the real events of people choosing to forgo social distancing after a certain point because of covid19. I apologize ruining your experience reading my story. It was just for the plot of my fiction not to offend Trump supporters. My goal was just to write fiction and have some sort of plot device. I am sorry for offending you WatchMeWiggle.

*011*2022-02-27 23:24

This story was about a female who ends up stuck in traffic due to a protest based upon events in real life. It had nothing to do with Donald Trump. It was plot device for the source of the traffic jam. I am so sorry to the Omorashi.org community and the administrators for the use of a protest in a fiction, and in another fiction of mine - Desperate Ascension. That one had to with a gathering by a bunch of people who didn't want to give up on regular social living because of a pandemic. One of the fictional characters in that fiction story ends up having to pee from drinking too much fruit punch from that gathering, stuck in an elevator and pees herself during her sleepy state. I hope I don't get ousted from this site over this and it wasn't my intention to cause contention.

*016*2022-03-01 00:05

I write based on my own experiences or situations I know I can write about mixed in with my kink. I am not sure about a snow storm and what type of situation (blizzard or small storm, car battery dies or being buried in her car under layers of snow, etc.,). I am not sure how extreme this would have to be. Plus 19 hours is pretty long. I was sort of think about writing about Klareese getting stuck in the wilderness (like the Poconos) during a rain/thunderstorm or the quiet eerie pitch black of the night while stuck in a muddy ditch and no cell service, and of course her GPS is useless.

I was thinking she was going to a friend or cousin's house or trying to attend a gathering. The character takes a wrong turn onto this dirt road because she serves to avoid hitting a deer. I didn't figure out a direction so I didn't pursue it. But if it's a snow storm I would want to make sure she wasn't in danger from the cold but where would she be stuck .... I dunno. That is something I would have brainstorm too.

