The Ladies' Room

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-13 20:51

This story is unlike all the others I have written. For one thing it follows a timeline throughout the day. Also, this story doesn’t have an actual storyline or plot for that matter. This is also perhaps the shortest story I have ever written. While it is lengthy, there are no extra parts to it. (Yet anyway). This story takes place in an alternate universe where women pee standing up and men pee sitting down. However, in this alternate universe, women do still have vulvas and men have penises. It is just that the genders pee in different positions than they normally would.

Also, this should go without saying, but obviously, [most] of the characters in this story are all strangers. They do not know one another nor what every woman has done in the bathroom before them. That is solely the narrator telling you what is going on as the audience.

Warning! This story is mostly PG-13, however there is urine, feces, flatulence, and very little talk of inappropriate body parts involved. If you do not wish to read this, don’t! You are the one choosing to read this story. Enjoy!

Also, sorry the names are so weird. I let Siri pick them out, which proved to be a mistake.

8:09 A.M.

Noelle walked into the ladies’ room. Noelle approached the urinal farthest from the door and lifted up her skirt. She pulled her underwear to the side and began peeing. Noelle began whistling to herself as her bladder emptied into the porcelain urinal on the wall. Noelle watched her stream fall directly onto the bubble gum colored urinal cake.

Noelle felt her bowels begin to work. Noelle looked around to make sure she was all alone. This would be embarrassing if someone heard! But she had the bathroom all to herself. Noelle relaxed her bowels and let out a nice big fart.

Noelle finished up her business and shook her legs to shake the last few drops off. She dropped her panties, only for them to get stuck between her lips. Noelle adjusted her underwear and brushed the wrinkles out of her skirt. She walked over to the sink and washed her hands, then left the bathroom, shaking her wet hands off as she went.

9:21 A. M.

River and Skyla walked into the ladies’ room, gossiping and chatting and laughing. The two ladies approached the two urinals farthest from the door. Skyla took the farthest and River stood next to her. They knew in the ladies’ room, you always place a one urinal gap between you and others. But they were best friends. They didn’t mind peeing while standing so close next to one another.

Skyla unzipped her jeans and pulled her panties to the side. She was carefully maneuvering the stream between the gap in her underwear. River meanwhile pulled her hair into a tight ponytail, lifted up her dress and peed. River didn’t have to worry about underwear as she was currently going commando.

“Still pull your hair up to pee?” Skyla teased.

“I like it out of my hair so I can aim better.” River giggled.

Skyla rolled her head to the side. “Whatever,” she said in a sarcastic voice.

The girls continued peeing in silence.

The door to the ladies’ room opened and Emerald stepped in. She eyed the two women already at the urinals. Emerald personally hated peeing with so many other people around. If she was one urinal away from them, she would be okay. But she didn’t like having someone so close to her. Emerald could just opt out and use a stall. But there was still one urinal left and she was afraid these girls may gossip about her being weird. So, Emerald stepped up to the last urinal, pulled down her jeans slightly, pulled her underwear to the side, and began peeing.

“Hey,” River said.

“Hey,” Emerald said, not wanting to be rude.

River looked down. “You pull your pants down to pee.”

Emerald was careful to avoid eye contact. “A little…” she muttered.

“K.” River turned back to her own business.

“But there is nothing wrong with that.” Skyla said.

“No,” River agreed. “Sorry,” she addressed Emerald. “I didn’t mean anything by it.”

“I do it sometimes if I’m feeling lazy.” Skyla said.

River and Skyla struck up a conversation about whether you should pull down your pants to pee or not. Meanwhile, Emerald found her bladder was frozen. She couldn’t pee with all this talking going on around her. Emerald wished the two girls would shut up so she could pee!

Finally, River and Skyla finished up and rearranged themselves. River clapped Emerald on the back and the two women left without washing their hands.

Emerald had to concentrate. Finally, a weak stream began coming out of her pee hole. The stream grew in size.

The door opened and Madelynn entered. Madelynn took the urinal farthest from the door, two down from Emerald. Emerald was okay with this. Her bladder wasn’t that shy.

Madelynn hicked up her skirt, pulled her underwear to the side, and began peeing.

Emerald soon finished up. She washed and dried her hands and left. Madelynn finished a moment later. After getting adjusted, she simply left the bathroom ignoring the sink all together.

10:18 A.M.

Isabel entered the ladies’ room. Ignoring the rules, she went up to the urinal closest to the door. (You should always use the urinal farthest from the door whenever possible). Isabel unbuckled her belt and undid her zipper. She moved her boxers around - she wears men’s boxers - so she could pee through the pee hole of the flaps. Isabel began peeing into the urinal.

Halfway through her pee, Isable heard the door open. Maryam entered the ladies’ room. Maryam, having to do both, entered the second stall - the one farthest from the door. Shutting the door, Maryam pulled down her pants and underwear and took a seat on the toilet.

Isabel heard Maryam’s stream from the stall along with some pushes, grunts, splashes, and a couple small farts.

Dalia entered the ladies’ room and (also ignoring the basic rules) selected the urinal directly next to Isabel’s.

Isabel was just finishing up anyway. Fixing herself, Isabel dabbed her fingertips under the faucet of the sink and left the restroom.

Meanwhile, Dalia pulled her pants and underwear down just enough so she could aim her pee hole at the urinal. Dalia peed and when she was all out, she pulled everything up and left the room, also ignoring the sink.

A moment later, the toilet flushed and Maryam exited the stall. Maryam washed her hands thoroughly with soap, and then left as well.

10:31 A.M.

Raelyn entered the ladies’ room and went straight up to the farthest urinal. She pulled her pants and underwear down to her knees and peed into the urinal. When she was done, she picked everything up, washed her hands with soap for a few seconds, dried them, and left.

10:45 A.M.

Karla walked into the ladies’ room, holding the door for Luisa who was right behind her.

Karla walked up to the farthest urinal and undid her belt and buttons. She opened her jeans up and pulled her underwear to the side and began peeing into the urinal.

Luisa, not wanting to stand next to Karla, took the urinal closest to the door. Not the best option, but a worse option would have been standing directly next to Karla. Luisa lifted her skin and as she was going commando, she simply peed into the urinal.

Karla farted and gently excused herself for it under her breath.

Luisa finished first. She lowered her skirt and stepped over to the sink. While Luisa was busy washing her hands, Karla finished as well. She put everything back into place and approached the sink. Normally, Karla wouldn’t bother washing her hands, but given how Luisa was standing at the sink for a minute now, Karla didn’t want to seem disgusting. So she washed her hands. Luisa dried them, Karla didn’t. They both left.

11:07 A.M.

Daniella entered the ladies’ room and went up to the middle urinal. She pulled her stretchy jeans down, pulled her underwear to the side, and peed. When she was done, Daniella bent down to tie her shoe, then stood, and left the restroom.

11:55 A. M.

Lorelei walked into the ladies’ room. Having to have a bowel movement, Lorelei went into the second stall and shut the door. Lorelei peed a short stream into the toilet. She then spent the next few minutes pooping. When she was all set, she wiped herself, pulled up her pants, and left the stall. She washed her hands under hot water for a few seconds, shook them off, then left the restroom.

12:10 P. M.

Hadassah entered the women’s room and walked up to the urinal farthest to the door. Hadassah pulled her shorts down to her ankles and merely moved her underwear - she noticed was the same shade as the urinal cake - to the side. Hadassah began peeing. She had a very strong stream.

A moment after she started peeing, Hadassah heard the door open and Aspyn appeared two urinals down to Hadassah. Aspyn was wearing an ash colored jumpsuit, so she had to unzip the front in order to pull aside her underwear and pee into the urinal.

A brief moment later, Cassidy entered the bathroom. Cassidy filled in the empty gap between Hadassah and Aspyn. Cassidy undid her button and pulled her panties aside before she started spraying into her urinal bowl.

“Oh, man.” Cassidy sighed as she let out an even stronger stream than Hadassah’s. “Hey, how’s it going?” Cassidy asked Aspyn.

Aspyn, in no mood for small talk here nearly shrugged.

Taking this as her cue to be quiet, Cassidy just nodded and returned her attention to her own urinal. Cassidy breathed out some air and spread her feet slightly on the floor.

Hadassah finished up. Unable to help herself, she rubbed her clit for a second or two. She then rearranged her panties, pulled her shorts up, washed her hands, and left.

As Hadassah was exiting the ladies’ room, Hadley and Raven entered. Right behind them came Raelyn from earlier.

Hadley and Raven both examined the only free urinal. Hadley waved Raven on. Raven held up a hand to thank her, then stepped up to the only free urinal where she proceeded to undo her buttons, pulled her underwear to the side, and pee.

Raven waited patiently behind her. Raeley, not wanting to use the stall, went to the back of the line and began scrolling Twitter on her cell phone.

Karla from earlier - having had a lot of coffee - reentered the ladies’ room. Karla noticed the relatively long line for a urinal. Karla glanced at the stalls. Deciding that she mine as well poop while she’s here, went into the first stall and locked the door behind her.

Aspyn shook off, rearranged herself and gave her hands a long good scrubbing at the sink with extra soap. Cassidy farted loudly at the urinal.

Raven took Aspen’s place at the middle urinal. Raven pulled her pants and underwear all the way down and began peeing into the urinal bowl. Aspyn finished washing her hands. She dried them thoroughly, threw her paper towel into the trash, and exited the ladies’ room.

Priscilla entered the ladies’ room. Noticing the long line, she stepped into the only remaining stall. Priscilla undid her belt and her buttons and zipper. She lifted the seat of the toilet and stood before it, peeing carefully through her fly. Priscilla left the stall door wide open behind her. She was just peeing. Why bother closing it?

The other occupants of the bathroom were able to hear Priscilla’s urine stream louder than any of theirs. Probably because her stream hit direct water while the rest of them peed onto urine cakes.

Hadley finished up and Cassidy did a second later. Both ladies fixed themselves. Cassidy simply left the restroom while Hadley washed her hands with soap and dried them before leaving.

Looking up from her cell phone, Raeley stepped up to the urinal farthest from the door on the left of Raven. For the second time that day, Raeley pulled everything down and pissed into the bowl.

Priscilla finished in the stall. She left the restroom, without washing her hands. Madelynn from earlier once again entered the ladies’ room. Madelynn walked up to the only free urinal, the one closest to the door, hiked up her skirt, moved her underwear to the side, and peed.

The three ladies at the urinals - Madelynn, Raven, and Raeley - heard a toilet flush and Karla exited her stall. Having done a number two, Karla dabbed her hands under the faucet and then left. Karla was not a big hand washer…

Raven finished and pulled up her pants. She left the bathroom, also not too keen on washing her hands. Not for a pee anyway.

Simone charged in, rushing past Raven. Simone raced up to the middle urinal. Jumping from foot to foot and badly fiddling with her belt, Simone managed to unzip her pants, pull her lightly stained underwear to the side, and get a blessed release.

“Had to go, huh?” Raeley asked.

“Ou.” Simone mummbled in a French accident. “I had too much coffee today and not a single break. I didn’t even have time to go this morning. I haven't had a wee all day. And it feels good… Ah!” Simone hung her head back. She then firmly placed her hand on the wall and moaned.

Emmy entered the ladies’ room. She stood behind the three women at the urinal, patiently waiting her turn. Maryam from earlier entered. Noticing there was a line, Maryam checked her watch. She only had three more minutes of her lunch break. Maryam turned and walked into the first stall. She closed the door, but didn’t bother locking it. The door slightly creaked open a crack behind her, but Maryam wasn’t too big on privacy while she was just peeing.

Maryam stood in front of the toilet. She didn’t bother to lift the seat up. Maryam unbuttoned and peed through the pee hole of her jeans.

Raeley finished, rearranged, washed, and left. Madelynn finished soon after. After rearranging herself, she left the bathroom. Maryam finished up in the stall. She exited and dabbed her hands under the sink before leaving.

This left Simone alone in the ladies’ room, standing at the middle urinal letting out her large, much needed pee. Vienna entered the restroom. She stood at the urinal farthest from the door on Simone’s left Vienna opened her fly, pulled aside her underwear, and peed.

Despite starting much later, Vienna was the first to finish. But as Vienna was shaking off and buttoning up her jeans, Simone’s stream grew weak before finally stopping.

Vienna and Simone both washed their hands at the sinks together. Vienna used soap while Simone stuck to just water. Simone pulled two pieces of paper towel from the dispenser and handed Vienna one.

“Thanks.” Vienna smiled.

The two women dried their hands, threw the towels away, and left the restroom.

12:22 P. M.

Daisy entered the ladies room and walked up to the urinal farthest from the door. She unfashioned her belt and undid her buttons. Daisy’s zipper got stuck for a moment, but she managed to pull it down. Daisy opened up the fly of her jeans, pulled her undies aside, and peed full force into the urinal bowl. Daisy farted.

Dakota entered the ladies’ room. Dakota walked up to the urinal closest to the door - the one farthest away from Daisy.

“Hey,” Dakota said.

Daisy turned and nodded. “Hey.”

Dakota spread her feet far apart on the floor. Dakota undid her pants and pulled her panties aside and began peeing. Dakota placed her free hand firmly on the wall and exhaled.

Joyce (not the same one from before) entered the ladies’ room. Noticing there was only one available urinal, and not wanting to be in between two women, Joyce went into the first stall, leaving the door wide open. Joyce undid her pants, lifted the seat, moved her undies aside, and peed into the bowl. The sound of Joyce’s pee stream on water filled the entire restroom.

Daisy finished up. She shook off, readjusted her underwear, zipped up, and buttoned her jeans and buckled her belt.

“See yeh.” Daisy said.

“Bye.” Dakota said, cheerfully.

Daisy left the women’s room without even glancing at the sink.

Dakota finished up a moment later. She fixed herself and dabbed her hands under the faucet and grabbed a quick paper towel before leaving.

Royalty entered the bathroom and walked up to the urinal farthest from the door. She undid her belt and pulled her stretchy jeans down. She wasn’t wearing underwear, so she just peed over the waistband of her jeans. A few drops splatted down, darkening the fabric of her gray jeans.

“Shit,” Royalty cursed under her breath.

Joyce left the stall and exited the bathroom.

Once Royalty was finished peeing, she placed her pants back on and buckled up her belt once again. She washed her hands and used a paper towel to dab at the droplets of urine she spilled on her clothes. They weren’t coming out, but the wet spot was less noticeable now, so Royalty chucked her towel into the trash can and left.

12:30 P. M.

Nola walked into the restroom. Having to go number two, she walked into the second stall and locked the door.

A couple minutes later, Dani rushed into the ladies’ room. The door hung open as Dani nearly fell. She had to grab a hold of the door to steady herself. Dani stood in the doorway for a moment. She kept a leg pressed up against her crotch and held both hands to her genitals, holding on for dear life. She had to pee so bad! Those half a dozen cups of coffee were a mistake! Dani couldn’t believe she had to hold it through the whole presentation. She couldn’t believe that she did hold it through the whole presentation! But now it wants out!

The moment Dani saw the urinal, she could feel a squirt slip out. No, no, no! Not when she was so close! Dani sprinted up to the closest urinal bowl. She didn’t care about the rules. She had to pee! Dani flew her pants and underwear to the floor, not caring anymore. As soon as they were off, Dani peed. She didn’t even relax her bladder. Her bladder, having enough of this, did it all on its own. Her bladder forced itself to empty. And now that Dani was standing in front of the urinal, she didn’t stop it. The relief was indescribable! Dani felt so much better as her overworked bladder drained all of that coffee she drank.

Dani could tell she drank coffee solely from the strong smell of her urine. Dani was happy no one was around to smell it. She was also happy no one was around to see her severe desperation. Dani was getting ready to fart, but then she heard a heavy plop from the stall. Dani quickly realized she wasn’t as alone as she thought.

Dani couldn’t pass gas with someone else in the bathroom. But now farting was all she could think about! Taking this glorious pee break, Dani’s pelvic floor was too relaxed to stop it. The fart slipped out. It was relatively quiet which Dani was thankful for, but she was still super embarrassed.

After several moments of gushing urine into the urinal, Dani’s bladder was finally empty. Dani shook her lips off, pulled up her pants and underwear. She washed her hands and left the bathroom, wiping her soaked hands on her jeans. Dani felt so good right now!

A few moments later, Nola finished up her bowel movement. She tucked her phone - which she had been scrolling Facebook on - in her jeans pocket, wiped herself, pulled up her pants and left the stall and walked out the bathroom door.

1:23 P. M.

Grace entered the ladies’ room. She walked up to the wall urinal in the middle, undid her belt and buttons, opened up her fly, and peed away.

Grace finished rather quickly. She fixed everything, washed her hands for a few quick seconds, and left. As Grace was leaving, Halle came in. Halle walked up to the urinal farthest from the door, dropped her pants and underwear, and pissed into the bowl. Halle whistled rather loudly as her bladder emptied itself. Halle stood peeing for all of two minutes which surprised her. She truly didn’t think she had to pee that bad. Halle pulled up her pants and left the bathroom.

1:28 P.M.

Roselia entered the restroom and walked straight up to the farthest urinal. She unzipped, pulled her underwear aside, and had at it.

Roselia soon finished. She zipped up and left.

1:48 P.M.

A woman, whose name was, believe it or not, Ocean, entered the restroom. Ocean walked up to the farthest urinal, undid her jeans, pulled them down a bit, and began peeing.

Noor walked in. She went up to the urinal closest to the door, pulled down her panties, lifted her dress, and began peeing.

“Oh, those are cute panties!” Ocean gushed, admiring Noor’s green panties with a bow tie at her feet. “Where did you get them?”

“Oh, thank you, umm,” Noor pursed her lips, thinking. “I’m not entirely sure to tell you the truth.” Noor giggled. “My boyfriend got them for me. But I like them too!”

“Yeah, so do I!” Ocean exclaimed. “I always wear the underwear my boyfriend gets for me. Especially when we are going to sleep together.” Ocean added, playfully elbowing Noor.

“Oh, I know. It makes guys so happy to see we are wearing the things they get us.” Noor said.

“Oh, I know!” Ocean agreed.

“But who can blame them?” Noor added. “It must feel good to know your partner likes the gifts you get them.”

Ocean bobbed her head. “That is true.” She agreed. She held up a finger on her free hand. “See, the thing is, with my boyfriend, he has excellent taste!”

“Does he?” Noor asked.

“Oh, yeah.” Ocean agreed. “So, generally speaking, I love the things he gets me! Bras, underwear, dresses, skirts, boy knows what he’s doing. So, I have no problem wearing them.”

“Oh, yeah, my boyfriend is a pretty good shopper too. He knows my style.” Noor said.

“Yeah, yeah,” Ocean bobbed her head some more.

“But,” Noor let the conversation trail.

“Anyways…” Ocean muttered.

The two women looked back at their business. Throughout this whole conversation, they continued peeing into the urinals.

Ocean, having arrived first, finished her stream. She pulled her pants back up and rebuttoned them. Ocean washed her hands a little, shook them out over the sink, and left the bathroom.

Noor finished up a few seconds after. She lowered her dress and lifted up her panties. Noor flatted the wrinkles out of her dress. She then proceeded to wash her hands with soap and dried them off before leaving the restroom.

2:16 P.M.

Camryn entered the ladies’ room. She went up to the middle urinal, lifted her skirt, and since she was commando, the next step was to just pee. It felt good coming out. Camryn wasn’t super desperate, but she did have to pee pretty bad, just the same.

Just as Camryn felt her stream about to end, Malani and Isabel (from before) entered the ladies’ room while deep in conversation. They each took a position on either side of Camryn. Malani stood farthest from the door while Isabel was closest.

Isabel undid her belt and zipper and peed through the pee hole of her men’s boxers. Meanwhile, Malani undid her belt and zipper and pulled her pants down a little. Malani did, however, keep her underwear on all the way. Malani moved her underwear to the side and gushed into the bowl.

The two women continued their conversation.

“Beccy and Robin just won’t get along!” Isabel complained. “They are diving Mike and me nuts!”

“Have you tried getting them to talk it out?” Malani asked.

“We’ve tried everything!” Isabel shouted. “They just do not like each other!”

“Eh, they’re just sisters.” Malani said. “I have three sisters growing up and I am sure our mom and dad wanted to kill us too.”

Camryn bit her lip. She hated talking at the urinal. She especially hated it when she was wedged in the middle of a conversation. It is her own fault for always choosing the middle urinal, but Camryn likes this urinal the best. It is usually the cleanest. Whatever, she was almost done anyway.

Camryn shook off, lowered her skirt, washed her hands thoroughly, dried them, and left.

As they talked, Isabel and Malani finished peeing and they each fixed themselves, washed up, and left while still deep in conversation.

Isabel and Malani pushed past Hunter as they left. Hunter is biologically male, but he identifies as female. Luckily for Hunter, the women of this restroom didn’t seem to mind too much that he was in their space. Still, she was happy when she had the restroom all to herself.

Hunter walked up to the farthest urinal. She may be biologically male, but she is determined to pee like women do - standing up.

Hunter lifted his dress and pulled aside his panties, allowing his penis to dangle in between the leg hole of them. Hunter is still getting used to peeing standing up. Hunter watched as the stream of urine came from her penis and went into the urinal.

When Hunter finished, he put her penis back into her panties and lowered her dress. She washed her hands and left the restroom.

2:33 P.M.

Emery, Alana, and Reign all entered the bathroom together. They weren’t ‘together’ as in a group. Just by sheer coincidence, three women entered the ladies’ room at once. Emery went to the farthest urinal while Alana took the closest, and Reign went up to the middle one.

All three women undid their buttons and zippers. Reign also wore a belt that she had to undo. Emery pulled her pants all the way down while the other two just peed through their flies. The three women all began peeing.

Karina entered the woman’s restroom to find all three urinals taken. Karina began moving her legs up and down. Karina didn’t have to pee super urgently, but it was urgent enough that the sight of three women peeing made her bladder do somersaults. Karina rushed into the second stall. She locked the door and dropped her pants. She lifted the seat and began gushing.

Janelle and Esther entered the restroom. The two friends were talking and gossiping. They noticed that the bathroom was pretty crowded and the only place left was a single stall.

“You can go,” Janelle offered Esther, motioning to the stall. “I can hold it.”

“I can hold it too,” Esther promised. “And I hate using the stall. I’ll wait with you.”

Braelynn entered. Braelynn had an incredibly shy bladder. So, naturally, seeing the women’s restroom so crowded was enough to make her feel sick. Braelynn could come back later, but she didn’t know when her next break was. She was tempted to use the stall - at least that provided a little privacy. But Braelynn may not even be able to pee with all four walls around her. Her bladder is so shy! Plus, Braelynn didn’t want to be rude to Janelle and Esther who were both clearly waiting.

Esther made Braelynn’s mind up for her when she said, “Hey, you can use the stall if you want.”

“We’re waiting for the urinal.” Janelle said, moving her thumb back and forth between her and Esther.

“The restroom is so crowded at this time.” Esther said.

“It’s also crowded around noon.” Janelle said.

“Is it? I don’t think I’ve ever been in here around noon.” Esther replied.

“Yeah, man,” Janelle scratched behind her ear, moving her hips slightly to the side. “Noon and two-thirty, super crowded.”

Not wanting to be mixed in with the crowd, Braelynn went into the first stall and closed and locked the door. Braelynn found the seat left up from when Joyce was in here earlier that day. That didn’t matter to Braelynn though, sense she and every woman on the planet peed standing up. Braelynn undid her belt and pulled her pants and underwear to the ground. Braelynn liked peeing through her fly, but it was easier on her shy bladder just to pull everything down.

Alana was the first to finish. She moved her underwear back into place, redid her buttons and zipper, and went to wash her hands.

“Excuse me,” Alana said as she pushed past Esther in the narrow bathroom.

“You can go now.” Esther told Janelle.

“Nah, it’s cool. You can pee.” Janelle said.

“You sure?” Esther asked.

Janelle gave a thumbs-up. “Don’t worry about me. I have a pretty big bladder. I’m all good.”

“Thanks, man.” Esther walked up to the urinal Alana just came from - the one closest to the door. Esther undid her belt, buttons, and zipper. She moved her underwear to the side and began peeing.

Alana washed her hands well with soap and water and dried them before leaving the bathroom.

Reign too finished. She redid her buttons, zipper, and belt, and simply left the bathroom. Janelle made to take her spot, but Valerie entered the ladies’ room.

“Go ahead,” Janelle waved Valerie on.

“Oh, are you sure?” Valerie asked for confirmation of this kind deed.

“Yeah, I’m all good.” Janelle agreed.

“She has a big bladder!” Esther called over her shoulder.

“Okay. Sweet.” Valerie clapped Janelle on the back as thanks and took Reign’s spot at the middle urinal. Valerie pulled her underwear only to her knees, lifted her dress, and began peeing. Valerie noticed her high heel was in a small puddle of urine, but she didn’t mine much.

Emery farted and finished up. She readjusted herself and left the bathroom. Janelle stepped in. Janelle undid her belt and zipper and peed through the fly of her underwear and jeans.

Esther finished and fixed herself. “You want me to wait for you?” She asked Janelle who was two urinals down.

Watching her urine stream flow, Janelle bit the inside of her cheek, thinking. She finally said, “Nah. Go on. I’ll catch up.”

“K, see yeh.” Esther left the bathroom.

“See yeh!” Janelle called over her shoulder.

Having finished her (relatively) desperate pee, Karina left the stall and left the restroom.

Veda entered the bathroom and went up to the only free urinal, the one by the door. Veda undid her pants and peed straight through her fly. Veda coughed, causing her stream to go up and down, but none spilled.

Janelle farted loudly. “Oh, excuse me.” Janelle couldn’t help but giggle.

Valerie finished up. She pulled up her panties and flattered her dress and left the bathroom. As Valerie left, Marleigh entered. Marleigh walked up to the center urinal, the one Valerie just came from and lifted her skirt and peed, not having to worry about panties as she wasn’t wearing any.

Annie and Evie entered the bathroom. Noticing all three urinals were taken, the two girls waited their turn.

Janelle soon finished. She fixed herself and left.

Evie went up to the far urinal while Annie waited in line. Annie noticed an available stall, but decided not to take it. She would just wait for a urinal to become available.

Veda and Marleigh soon finished up, one after the other. After getting situated, Veda washed her hands thoroughly for a long time. Marleigh just dabbed them and left.

Annie walked up to the urinal Veda came from - the one close to the door - and undid her jeans, pulled her sparkling red panties aside, and peed through the fly of her pants.

After being satisfied at the cleanliness of her hands, Veda dried them (also thoroughly) and left.

A moment after Veda exitted, Rowan (female) and Luisa from earlier entered the bathroom. Noticing only one free urinal in between Annie and Evie, Luisa waved Rowan on. Rowan just held up a hand, silently refusing. Shrugging her shoulders, Luisa stepped up to the middle urinal, lifted her skirt, and began peeing.

Rowan bounced on the balls of her feet. Rowan had a secret. She peed sitting down like a guy. Rowan would be mortified if any of these women discovered that. Rowan had tried to train herself to stand, but she liked sitting so much better. When she stood up, she would get super scared and her bladder would shut off. Rowan glared at the empty stall. She swallowed. Normally, she just slipped into the stall when no one was looking. But with this large a crowd, she feared someone would see her.

Rowan knew from past experience that the bathroom was pretty full at this time. Which was her second issue. She really had to go! She thought maybe she could wait until after the bathroom cleared out, but she ended up grabbing herself at her desk and finally gave in and went inside the busy ladies’ room.

Rowan kept her legs crossed. Hearing all these women pee was tortuous. Curse that double iced coffee she had this morning! Why did she wait so long to pee?

Rowan suddenly realized something. All the urinals were full. This was her cue to use the stall! It didn’t matter if anyone saw her! They would just think she couldn’t or didn’t want to hold it. But she had to move quickly before someone left. Rowan rushed into the open stall.

“Hey, it’s free!” Evie called, walking away from the urinal. Rowan pretended not to hear her and closed and locked the stall door.

Rowan prayed that no one looked under the stall to see the position of her feet. She dropped her pants and sat on the toilet and let out all that coffee. Rowan had to bite her lip to keep from sighing in absolute relief.

Evie dabbed her hands under the faucet and left. Luisa finished up next. She lowered her skirt and left the bathroom.

Kairi entered the bathroom and went directly up to the middle urinal. She undid her belt and opened the fly of her jeans. She peed though the fly.

Annie soon finished and left.

Kairi and Rowan both finished at around the same time. Karir rebuttoned her jeans and rebuckled her belt. Rowan pulled up her pants and left the stall. The two women washed their hands side by side at the sinks.

“Had to take a dump, huh?” Kairi smiled at Rowan.

“Huh?” Rowan felt her face go red.

“Saw you under the stall,” Kairi motioned to the now open stall Rowan had come from.

“Oh, uh, yeah.” Rowan managed.

Kairi nodded. After they finished washing, they dried their hands with paper towels. Kairi coughed into her arm and the two women threw their towels away. Rowan darted out of the restroom, anxious to get as much distance between her and Kairi as possible. Not noticing Rowan’s strange behavior, Kairi left the bathroom after her.

Still inside the stall, Braelynn finally heard the beautiful sound of the door closing and there was silence. She was all alone in the stall. Braelynn stood in front of the toilet, having to take several deep breaths to calm herself and her bladder. After a few minutes, Braelynn finally managed to start trickling. She grunted as the stream stopped. The door opened and there were voices.

Winnie and Zainab walked into the bathroom, chatting.

“They actually slept together! They actually slept together!” Winnie cried. Winnie went up to the close urinal while Zainab took the far one. Winnie moved one foot back and kept one close to the urinal bowl. It is a strange position, but it is how she peed.

“Are you sure?” Zainab asked, unzipping her pants.

“Riely heard from John who heard from Lily that Emily and Bobby slept together.” Winnie said, lifting her skirt and pulling her underwear to the side as she spoke. “Lily and Emily are cousins. Lily would know! Wouldn't she?” Winnie began peeing.

Keeping her mouth open ajar in concentration, she began peeing through the fly of her jeans. “I guess,” she said. “But I thought Bobby had… you know?”

“He saw a urologist who prescribed him Viagra.” Winnie said.

“Does that shit even work?” Zainab asked.

Winnie breathed through her teeth. “I guess it works on most guys,” Winnie looked up from the urinal and turned her head to face Zainab. “Women can take it too, I guess. It is pretty effective, I hear.”

“I should recommend it to my sister.” Zainab said. “She has erectile dysfunction.”

“Does she?” Winnie couldn’t help but smirk.

“Yeah,” Zainab confirmed. “But don’t tell anyway, okay?”

“Sure, sure, I promise.” Winnie promised.

The two women talked across the urinal as they peed. When finished, they both straightened themselves up and left the bathroom, discussing Viagra and Emily and Bobby’s sex life.

Braelynn finally had quiet again. She managed to get out a fair stream before the door opened yet again and Emerald from earlier entered. Emerald went up to the far urinal, pulled her jeans down a little, pulled her underwear to the side, and peed. She soon finished, fixed herself up, washed her hands, and left.

Braelynn was finally all alone. Braelynn managed to pee the rest out. She pulled her pants up and left the stall. Braelynn normally wouldn’t bother with her hands. But seeing as she used the stall, she gave them a quick rinse under the sink.

2:40 P.M.

Camilla entered the ladies’ room. She stood in the center of the empty bathroom for a moment, debating. Camilla was having that moment where she was unsure if she had to poop or not. She didn’t think she did, but she would hate to be standing at the urinal and get that feeling down in her bowels. She should use the stall just in case. But she wouldn’t like using the stall for nothing either.

While debating, Aleah entered the bathroom.

“You okay?” Aleah asked, noticing Camilla standing around.

“Yeah, just trying to decide if I want to poop or not.” Camille replied.

Aleah sucked in her breath. “Been there,” she said, walking up to the far urinal and undoing her pants. “Why don’t you use the stall just in case.” Aleah suggested. “Never know what those damn bowels will do!”

“Yeah, fair point.” Camille entered the first stall and closed the door. Camille noticed the seat was still raised from Joyce and then Braelynn. Camille set the seat down, pulled down her pants and sat on the toilet. Camille peed. Just when she was about to be disappointed, Camille felt some feces also ready to come out.

Aleah finished at the urinal and washed her hands. She heard a plop from the stall. Aleah stood by the stall door and called in, “I see you decided to take a load off?” Aleah giggled.

“Yep!” Camille said in between plops. “I made the right choice.”

Giggling, Aleah left the bathroom. A few minutes later, Artemis entered the women’s restroom and went to the farthest urinal. Artemis undid her jeans, moved her underwear aside, and peed through the fly.

Meanwhile, inside the stall, Camille stood, wiped, pulled up her pants, and flushed the toilet.

“Whew!” Camille exclaimed as she left the stall. She washed her hands well with soap and water, rung them off over the sink instead of using a paper towel, and left.

Artemis soon finished at the urinal. She fixed herself and left as well.

3:00 P.M.

River from earlier entered the bathroom. River stood at the far urinal and lifted up her dress. She still had her hair in a ponytail from before, so she didn’t have to worry about that. She knew it was goofy, but she didn’t like peeing with hair in her face, it made it impossible to aim.

River stood at the urinal, peeing. Ainsley entered. Ainsley picked the urinal closest to the door, lifted her skirt, pulled her panties off to the side, and released.

“Hey!” River called.

Ainsley just nodded.

“Not a urinal talker?” River asked. “I am. I’m an everything talker!” River noticed Ainsley’s tight lips and disgusted expression. “Sorry, I’ll be quiet now.” River stared up at the ceiling.

The two women stood peeing in silence. Ainsley finished first. After fixing her underwear and lowering her skirt, Ainsley washed her hands.

River soon finished and let her dress fall back down.

“I was peeing for a long ass time.” River said, washing her hands besides Ainsley. “Name’s River and I just peed a river!” River laughed.

Ainsley left. River dried her hands and left too.

3:29 P.M.

Beatrice entered the bathroom and went up to the middle urinal. She pulled her elastic pants all the way down and began peeing.

Callie came in. She chose the urinal to Beatrice’s right, next to the door. Callie was wearing fishnet stockings so she had to take them off first. Callie placed her fishnet stockings carefully on the side of the sink next to her. She then moved her black panties to the side and began spraying her urine into the urinal.

Alisson came in and walked up to the urinal far from the door. Alisson lifted her skirt, moved her underwear aside, and peed forcefully directly onto the urinal cake.

Beatrice finished. She shook, pulled up her underwear and pants, and left. Callie finished soon after. Callie fixed her underwear and began putting her fishnet stockings back on. Alisson finished too. Alisson lowered her skirt and fixed her underwear and left the bathroom.

Callie, now with her fishnet stockings back on, dabbed her hands under the sink, and left.

3:51 P.M.

Adley walked into the washroom. Adley walked up to the far urinal and lowered her boy shorts. Adley moved her panties aside and peed into the urinal. Adley’s aim was a little off. She slapped a little onto the side of the urinal. When she finished, Adley fixed her underwear and pulled her shorts back up. Adley then turned and left the bathroom.

3:59 P.M.

Emma entered the ladies’ room and walked up to the far urinal where she proceeded to unbutton her pants, move her underwear aside, and piss through the fly.

Just as Emma was starting her stream, the door opened behind her and Kyleigh entered. Emma glanced over her shoulder at the newcomer, then turned her eyes directly back to her stream.

Kyleigh walked up to the middle urinal, right next to Emma. Emma was a little uncomfortable with this choice, but she wasn’t too upset about it either.

Kyleigh stomped her feet, spreading them wide apart. Kyleigh undid her belt and lowered her shorts just a bit so she could get a direct angle at the urinal.

“Hey,” Kyleigh said, as she started her stream.

“Hey,” Emma said in response.

Kyleigh sighed and held her head back. Kyleigh farted then farted a second time. “Sorry,” she muttered.

“You’re all good,” Emma said, focused on her stream.

Anna entered the women’s room. Anna raced up to the final urinal, the one right next to the door and opened her jeans, pulled her panties to the side, and began gushing. “Oh, man…” Anna moaned, too, holding her head back.

“Desperate?” Kyliegh asked, smiling at the new occupant of the ladies’ room.

“Not super bad,” Anna replied. “But let’s just say, if I didn’t get a break when I did, things would have ended badly.” Anna giggled. “Too much water…”

“Too much water, not enough bathroom breaks.” Kyliegh said.

“The life struggle.” Emma chipped in.

The three women giggled. Anna blew out of her mouth.

Anna noticed her stream spilling out the side of the urinal. Anna was unintentionally creating a puddle on the floor. Some of her urine even splattered off the urinal wall and landed on Kyleigh’s leg.

“Watch it, please,” Kyleigh said, not wanting to be rude, but also not wanting another ladies’ urine running down her bare leg.

“Sorry, my aim is off.” Anna said, quickly correcting her stream. “I had to go so bad, the force was stronger than I intended. My bad, girls.” Anna passed gas. “Excuse me.” Anna shot her head back as far as it would go and moaned loudly, “God, I had to let out my bladder…”

The three women peed in silence.

Palmer entered the bathroom. Upon noticing all the urinals taken, she went into the first stall. Palmer undid her belt and buttons and pulled her underwear aside. She lifted up the seat - that Rowan had put down - and peed.

Emma shook off, zipped up, washed her hands, and left the bathroom.

Reina charged into the bathroom. She - like many others before her - was desperate. But unlike those others, Reina was having a bowel desperation. Reina rushed into the second stall and slammed the door. She barely had time to sit on the toilet before her poop began splattering out. Reina huffed and puffed, sweat rolling down her face and arms.

Meanwhile, Kyleigh finished up at the urinal and made her way over to the sink. Halle from earlier entered and walked up to the urinal farthest from the door where she dropped her pants and peed. Halle kept a finger on either side of her lips and kept them spread far apart. It was her ideal way of peeing.

“Sorry for peeing on you,” Anna called over her shoulder to Kyleigh at the sink.

“It’s cool, just please be careful next time.” Kyleigh finished washing up. She dried and then left.

Anna couldn’t help but giggle at hearing Reina’s loud poop noises in the stall.

Palmer finished, walked out of the stall, dabbed her hands under the faucet, and left the bathroom. Halle too pulled up her pants, and left. Anna was busy peeing for a minute more before her long stream finally ended. Anna got situated and then left the bathroom.

Reina was busy for a few minutes more in the stall. During that time, Briana entered the bathroom, went up to the far urinal, lifted her skirt, moved her panties aside, peed, put her panties back into place, lowered her skirt, dabbed her hands, dried them, and left. Reina had to use a few fistfulls of TP to properly clean herself. She finally left the stall, washed her hands extra good with soap and water, and left the ladies’ room, completely aware of the foul smell she was leaving behind.

4:10 P.M.

Skyla from earlier entered the bathroom. She walked up to the farthest urinal and peed through the fly of her jeans. Skyla finished, readranged herself and turned to leave.

April went in. Skyla and April passed each other. Skyla left the bathroom and April paused. April had been going for the middle urinal, once she saw Skyla at the far one. But upon realizing Skyla was leaving, April took her place at the far urinal. April lifted her skirt, and being commando, she simply peed it all out into the urinal bowl. April dropped her skirt and left the washroom.

4:17 P.M.

Lea entered the bathroom. She walked up to the far urinal, lowered her ripped jeans, and peed away. When she was done, she dripped off, pulled up her jeans, washed her hands thoroughly, dried them, and left.

4:35 P.M.

Jayda entered the bathroom. Jayda was incredibly pee shy. No one was in here. She could just use the urinal. But she feared someone would enter and her bladder would close up.

Jayda ultimately decided to play it safe and go into the first stall where she locked the door and peed through the fly of her shorts. Jayda was nearly done peeing when she heard the dreaded sound of the door open and Aisha came in.

Aisha personally prefers to pee in the toilet. It’s not that she is pee shy or anything, she just likes the toilet better. Aisha walked into the only available stall - on the left of Jayda’s stall. Aisha took off her fishnet stockings and hung them on the door behind her. Leaving the door open, Aisha lifted her skirt and pissed powerfully into the toilet. Aisha’s stream is always powerful, even if she doesn't have to go that much.

Meanwhile, in her own stall, Jayda closed her eyes and did her very best to relax. She listened to the powerful pee stream next door for inspiration. Jayda managed to pee a little more.

Aisha finished, put her stockings back on, and left the bathroom.

Jayda managed to pee the rest out. She left the stall and began washing her hands. While at the sink, the door opened and Aspen and Gracie entered.

Gracie clapped her hands over her crotch and waddled forwards. “Oh, I gotta pee.” She said.

Aspen giggled.

Aspen went up to the far urinal and Gracie took the close one. Gracie unzipped and peed through her fly. Aspen lowered her jeans all the way before peeing. Jayda dried her hands and then left.

Aspen farted.

“Nice,” Gracie snickered. Gracie moaned. “Oh, yeah! I really needed this pee!”

“How’s the project going by the way?” Aspen turned to her urinal companion.

“Good, good, almost done with it.” Gracie said, turning to Aspen. “Just a few more finishing touches. We mostly just have the data to input now.”

Aspen nodded. “The team helping out?”

“Most of them,” Gracie emphasized, turning back to her stream. “Jessie isn’t.”

“Jessie never helps with anything!” Aspen cried.

“I know!” Gracie wailed. “And to make matters worse, Nick insists on doing her work for her.”

“What? Does he like her?” Aspen asked.

“Nah, he’s married. Nick does everyone’s work for them. He’s too nice.” Gracie said.

“Yeah, I picked up on that over the months I’ve been here.” Aspen said.

“Plus, Jessie was the one to ask him to do her work.” Gracie said. “He said, yes, of course.”

“Does that guy even know how to say no?” Aspen asked.

“Probally not.” Gracie replied. “If it were me, I would tell that bitch Jessie to do her own good damn work!”

“I would too.” Aspen agreed.

“So, how’s it going with you?” Gracie asked.

“I’m doin’ well.” Aspen said. “Chuck is having his third birthday party on Friday.”

“Oh, is he?” Gracie’s face lit up, turning to face Aspen.

“Yep. Little man’s all grown up.” Aspen nodded.

“Is he having any friends over?” Gracie asked.

“Just a couple kids from daycare.” Aspen replied.

Gracie said, “I see, I see. That’ll be fun!”

“Yeah,” Aspen agreed. “Ben suggested we get a bounce house, I said, ‘They’re three! You wanta stick ‘em in a bounce house.’ He said, ‘not for them, for us,’”

Gracie laughed, making her stream shoot violently on the back of the urinal. “You should get one!” Grace said, brushing her hair aside. “I’d come over!”

“He also wants to get a magician for the same reason.” Aspen giggled, staring straight down at her business.

“Why not?” Gracie asked. “Yeh only live once.”

“Yep, ma’am.” Aspen agreed. Aspen shook off, pulled her pants up, and said to Gracie, “See yeh,” before leaving the ladies’ room.

“See, yeh!” Gracie called. Gracie stood at the urinal. She flipped her head to move her hair out of her eyes. Lilah entered the bathroom and went up to the far urinal. “Hey,” Gracie said to her new bathroom companion.

“Hey,” Lilah waved. Having no undies on, Lilah simply lifted her skirt and peed, hunching her back. “A, god, feels so good.” Lilah moaned.

“You can say that again.” Gracie giggled. “How are you?”

“Not bad, not bad. You?”

“Ah, can’t complain.”

The women were silent for a moment more.

“You believe this weather?” Gracie asked.

“Snowing in April.” Lilah siad.

“Nuts.” Gracie muttered.

“You should see where I am from, cold all year round.” Lilah said.

“Oh, where are you from?” Gracie asked.

Lilah responded, “The Rocky Mountains.”

“Oh, really?”

“Yep, snows in June!”

“Holy shit!” Gracie cried. “Suddenly, living around here doesn’t seem so bad.”

“Yep.” Lilah said.

The two women feel silent. But Gracie’s fart quickly broke that silence.

“Oh, god, I am so sorry.” Gracie said.

“Ah, don’t be.” Lilah shrugged her shoulders. Lilah turned to face Gracie, “Hey,” she said. “Hey, hey, listen. We’re at the urinal, right, in the bathroom. If there’s a time to fart, it;s now!”

“That is true,” Gracie said finishing up her stream. “See yeh.” Gracie said.

“Bye, bye.” Lilah said, as Gracie left. Lilah lasted a minute more before she drip dried off, washed her hands, and left as well.

4:56 P.M.

Maci entered the bathroom. She stood at the far urinal, lifted her skirt, pulled her underwear aside, and peed. She finished, lowered her skirt and left.

4:56 P.M.

Valerie from earlier came in. Valerie was just in here a couple hours ago, but she had a lot of water to drink at her desk and her bladder was full again. Valerie went up to the far urinal. She pulled her underwear to her knees and lifted her dress and began gushing out all that water she put into her system.

Valerie’s bladder was nearly halfway empty when Cassidy from before entered the bathroom. Cassidy went into the first stall and closed the door. Cassidy took out her cell phone, sat down on the toilet and got to work pushing. Cassidy’s stream of urine gushed into the bowl and there came a few plops and fart sounds as well.

Violet came stumbling into the bathroom. She darted up to the closest urinal, lifted her skirt, dropped her undies and sprayed. Violet moaned loudly. “Haven’t peed all day,” she groaned.

“The day is nearly over, how have you lasted?” Valerie demanded in disbelief.

“I have a humongous bladder!” Violet said proudly. “But even my bladder gets full at times. Violet kept her hands carefully placed in between her lips. Violet gently squeezed her lips to add more power to her already powerful stream.

“My bladder’s pretty big,” Valerie said, staring at the wall. She eyed Violet. “Not that big, but still pretty impressive. Although,” Valerie held up a finger. “The strange thing with me is, know the beverage that makes me the most urgent to pee?”

“Wine?” Violet guessed.

Valerie shook her head. “Nope.”

“Beer?”

“Nope.”

“Vadka?”

“Nope.”

“Coffee?”

‘Wrong again.”

“I give up.” Violet said.

Valerie smiled. “Water.”

“Water? Water makes you urgent?” Violet asked with a grin.

“Oh yeah,” Valerie said. “I can drink as much wine and coffee and alcohol as I like and my bladder is just like, ‘whatever, bro.’ But then I drink water and I have to pee a lot and it is super urgent. And this,” Valerie motioned down to her urinal. “Is a water pee! Drank water, kidneys got to work, and it all gushed out.”

“Oh, wow. Never heard of water making you urgent.” Violet said. “I know it makes you pee a lot, but never heard of the urgency. Not like water is a diuretic or anything.”

“Is for me.” Valerie smirked as she passed gas. “‘Cuse me.”

Violet soon finished. “Adios.” She said.

“Bye, girl.” Valerie replied.

Violet left. Valerie finished a moment later and left as well.

For a moment, Cassidy was all alone in the bathroom, busy in the stall. Then, Andi walked in. Andi went to the middle urinal, pulled down her jeans, and peed. Another moment passed before Addyson walked in. Addyson was not thrilled to stand directly next to another woman at the urinal. Two down, she was okay with, but directly next to them…

Addyson instead went into the remaining stall where she lifted her skirt, pulled down her undies, and tinkled, turning the water a fine shade of yellow.

Andi finished at the urinal. She straightened up, washed her hands, and left the bathroom. Cassidy finally finished. She stood, wiped, flushed, pulled her pants up, and washed her hands.

Addyson finished and left the stall as Cassidy was washing her hands. Adyson joined in. Cassidy dried and left. Addyson wrung her hands out over the sink and left as well.

5:00 P.M.

Royalty from before entered the bathroom. She was finally off work! But Royalty learned from past experience that she should pee before starting her hour long bus ride home. Especially after drinking coffee. Royalty walked up to the last urinal,undid her belt, lowered her stretchy jeans, and peed.

Royalty left and Brynliegh entered. Brynliegh stood before the far urinal. She lifted her skirt and pulled her undies down. Brynliegh then began to get all her piss out into the urinal bowl which was a faint shade of yellow from a day of getting peed in. Brynleigh aimed for the urinal cake. She didn’t have to, of course, as long as it all got in the bowl. But Brynliegh preferred to get as much urine as possible on the urinal cake. First off, peeing on the urinal cake gets rid of more of the bad smell. And secondly, Brynliegh was that girl who preferred to have something to aim at.

Salma entered the restroom. “Hey,” she said to Brynliegh.

“Hey,” Brynliegh said back.

Salma walked up to the close urinal. She pulled her underwear and skirt down, placed her hands on either side of her lips, spread them, and pissed.

Brynliegh soon finished. She pulled up her underwear, dropped her skirt, dabbed her hands under the sink’s faucet, and left. On Bryleigh’s way out, she pushed past Whitley who walked up to the urinal Brunliegh came from - the one farthest to the door. Whitley peed through the fly of her jeans.

Salma soon finished up herself, pulled everything up, washed her hands well, and dried them before leaving.

Whitley finished soon after. Whitley adjusted herself and then left.

5:06 P.M.

Noelle reentered the ladies’ room. No better way to celebrate the end of the day than a nice long pee!

Noelle walked up to the urinal farthest from the door, lifted her skirt, pulled her undies aside, and let out all that coffee and water she drank.

Egypt entered the bathroom. Egypt went up to the urinal closest to the door, Egypt lifted her skirt, pulled her underwear aside, and peed, just as Noelle was doing.

“Hey,” Egypt said.

Noelle just nodded in response.

Egypt scratched her cheek.

Noelle soon finished, adjusted herself, washed her hands, shook them off, and left the bathroom.

Dalia from before came in. Dalia went up to the far urinal, pulled her underwear and jeans down just slightly, and peed into the urinal bowl. When she finished, she fixed herself and left the washroom.

Egypt’s pee stream lasted for a few more seconds after Dalia was gone. Egypt then got situated, dabbed her hands under the sink, dried them, threw out her paper towel, and left the women’s restroom.

Hope you all enjoy! Let me know what you think of this idea! Also, let me know if I should make one like this in this same alternate universe but of the men's restroom. (Men peeing sitting down in the stalls). Also, let me know if I should do a normal one of the women's restroom (women using stalls) and a normal man's restroom (men using urinals). And if I do more about this, do you think I should use a larger or smaller bathroom size? This bathroom had three urinals and two stalls, based on my high school's boy's bathroom.

Thanks for the feedback!

*002*2022-12-16 04:58

{{11 minutes ago, Ms. Tito said:

I wonder how trans people would fare in this alternate reality

}}

Well, remember, in this alternate reality I created, men still have penises and women still have vulvas. So trans males would still have the penis and trans women would have the vulva.

The only thing about this alternative reality is women pee standing up and men sitting down.

As far as sociology goes, I would like to believe trans people are looked up to and valued. Maybe more so then other people. After all, this is a world that is opposite from our own in the way we view gender. In this world, people would insist that trans people use whatever bathroom they are comfortable with. No ifs, ands, or buts and everyone likes this idea!

