A germaphobe's worst nightmare

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-04-15 09:10

It was another hot day as summer vacation approached. The sun shone brightly and vegetation glowed with life. The birds chirped and bees buzzed. The sky blazed with the rise of the morning sun, turning blue by the minute. Down below, cars whizzed by for work or school as the day started for the last day of the week. Schools opened, allowing the seemingly endless tide of students entering it in droves.

But today was the last day for reviewing materials before the final exams and regents exams. There was no missing anything and most students felt it wasn't in their best interest to use the bathroom unless it's between classes or at lunch. One such student was the 12th grade germaphobe girl at Nolan James High School. She always took her time to disinfect the toilet before using it. She would wipe the seat via several rounds on the seat, the outside and inside rims of the seat, and the flush handle. Sometimes, she wipes the seat with toilet paper first, then disinfect.

She took her time while others had to go so badly. Just remember the time there was a line outside Nurse Talia's office during the Thursday in April. So many girls and boys had to go, and some were spurting or actively wetting while trying to hold it. Ashlynn Avalon walked by trying to hold it too looking for an available bathroom. But as usual, she couldn't that day thanks to all the distractions and Camilla from the Tri-Royalty Brigade.

Please read Bursting School Day Bladders. This was either 4th or 5th period of the school day. Digressing to the present. A few girls remembered her and that day, and subsequent days too. Even new class president Gretchen Grayson with Principal Shida and Vice Principal Reynolds had to speak with her about her bathroom routine. They tried to tell her she can't take her sweet time just to clean the toilets. But she was a germaphobe that wasn't going to sit on dirty seats.

While the bathrooms were better maintained than before, but still some students chose to leave a mess as usual. Not just boys but girls too. Some didn't flush or left the toilet bowl flooded. It was a disgrace but Francesca and Luna were able to keep them clean. But this one girl who deeply cared about germs so much just couldn't do it. She had to wipe thoroughly to (in her mind) ensure she didn't contract skin sores or infections, nor sully herself. After that incident in April, there was one other incident whereby she made others wait so long.

Please read Bursting Cheerleader. That day too, she caused one cheerleader to miss her chance for a bathroom break. It was silly of her to waste time cleaning rather than going and coming out. But she was passionate about this since she first understood uncleanness and germs. She was like Sheldon Cooper from Big Bang Theory. But not in a comedic or extreme way, but she was a germaphobe nonetheless.

To make things simple her name is Germayne Irma. She walked into school as per usual routine and large coffee in hand. She always drank from her thermos as her go-to for starting the day. She made her way to her locker on the first floor nearby the gymnasium, putting away certain books and taking others into her luggage bag with a pull-up handle and wheels. She always kept her bottle of 75 count wipes from Clorox in her locker.

She had a weak bladder but she felt a little more comfortable holding it because of her wipes being present. That way, she could hold it and not worry about her need to go. Once finished at her locker, she made her way to her first class, creative writing with Ms. Jenkins. She made her way towards the bend in the hallway, passed the main office, passed the main stairwell, and down the hall. From there, she made a left and walked to her class.

"Good morning Ms. Jenkins!" Germayne said. "Good morning Germayne!" Ms. Jenkins replied. From here she enjoyed the peaceful start of the day with a teacher with a sunny disposition. Things were looking up and more positive without Mrs. Kay and the Tri-Royalty Brigade. She would begin her class with the last lesson of the class and do some studying. There wasn't much in the way of an assignment nowadays as the school year ended.

Plus, she wanted the students to enjoy a time of peace before the storm. The final examinations and graduation ceremony. But while she was in class a few girls met at Germayne's locker. They all chose to ask for the bathroom at once and meet here. They were Hortense, Jasmine, and Qaura. What were her plans for today? What plot were they up to? Only time would tell.

Germayne enjoyed her class learning about some prose with more figurative language and pathos. They knew ethos but they needed to know pathos. Germayne soaked up everything she could about the lesson and from Ms. Jenkins. She was the second top student in her class for this year next to Ashlynn Avalon, who by now was doing so much better than her week of bladder woes. That was over a month ago.

"As you can see in this example ... " Ms. Jenkins spoke as the class listened. But Germayne or Germa, listened so intently. After the class ended, she made her way to Spanish class with Senorita Martinez. She was more on the strict side and like Mrs. Kay and Mrs. Trent, didn't like wasting time. She was paid to teach not to deal with rowdy children. She expected much from those that had been learning Spanish since 7th grade and every year after that.

But Germa didn't mind learning new cognates and phrases. Even new tenses were important to her, and of course was Spanish regents examination coming next week. She had to be ready for anything. She practiced her speaking, reading, and writing. She went online and read books to improve her Spanish too. "Class ellos tienen mira notas para tu exam terminados!".

Germa took it seriously for she believed it was necessary to learn another language as possible. She did want to live in Spain after all. By now she could feel all that coffee in her system and making its way in her bladder. But she wasn't worried at all in the slightest. She did have wipes in her locker. The wipes tub did have about 5 wipes left but she figured it would be enough for today. Besides, she wouldn't have to go until after 3rd period.

After Spanish came her next class. It was Science of Natural Disasters with Octavia and a few other students too. While on the way, she did pass by the class president and her vice president Octavia Starr. She also passed by the bathrooms despite starting to feel a growing need to go on the toilet. But again, she chose to hold off as she wasn't desperate nor bursting. But her bladder was full and already filling inside her urethra.

Germa continued her day having a recap of the different natural disasters. Her teacher Mr. Waynesboro spoke about the recap of the semester. "We have talked about weather, volcanoes, earthquakes, lack of a magnetic field, threats from space, what to do and how to prevent them. But I also want to talk about disasters caused by humans. We know that oil spills, radiation from bombs and power plants also cause loss of life. This all will be on your final exam."

Germa and Octavia tool it all in. She looked on with her inquisitive ears and eyes. She like Octavia enjoyed looking nerdy wearing her aqua blue-colored frames. She took notes all while she tapped her foot gently and squirmed a little in her seat. She had to go with mild desperation but she wasn't about to go crazy just yet. "I can wait. I have wipes!" She told herself. Germa took down all she could, paying close attention.

Fast forward to the end of class and the bell ringing, she got up with her things and went straight for the bathroom. You would have thought being in a school whereby everyone knows you for being the person to hold up the girl's bathroom due to germaphobia. But because most people know what that means, they do their best not to upset such a person who would overreact. It's true she never faced threats from Camilla and her group.

Why you ask? Because she always wipes before and after going too, using the same wipe for cleaning both times, but different sides of it. She folded the wipe in half to wipe before going, then folded it the other way to clean for afterwards. Camilla always appreciated this and always gave her kind words for her cleanliness, as well as her always follow the rules and being a diligent student. Plus, Germa would move over for Camilla in return for protection from bullies like Deedra from the goth girl club.

Germa and Camilla were friends and agreed about the school's lack of cleanliness. Digressing back here. She didn't have Camilla at school to protect her, but other students still didn't want to upset her. Plus, the goth girl club were more focused elsewhere. Germa made her way to her next class nearby her locker. It was 12th grade government and law class. The teacher was none other than Mrs. Horton, the most monotone and dry blah teacher in the whole school. She was direct and almost emotionless, like a droid. She had no personality with faculty and students.

Germa didn't mind this teacher except for the fact that she didn't show any enthusiasm, nor did she allow for extra help. What she taught in class was it. And the textbook. She didn't believe in coming later for extra help nor did she allow for tutoring. She was the teacher, and she had the authority to teach her subject. Germa walked awkwardly due to her need to go. She didn't want to be late for class, so she chose to go to her locker.

She planned on taking out her wipes tub and keeping it with her for when she did go to the bathroom during class time. Usually, the teacher asked the students to take the last 20 minutes of class for classwork. During this time, she would ask for the bathroom as per usual and go for her toilet break. On her way to her locker on the first floor, she was met by Ashlynn Avalon. "Oh sorry."

"Hey don't worry about it." They parted their ways and kept going their separate ways. Germa felt herself becoming moderately desperate with each step she took towards her class. Germa didn't mind the traffic through the hallway as with Ashlynn. She knew how to navigate through the hallway and not get jostled.

Just as she was about to reach her locker, the fire alarm bell rang. It was another fire drill and of course, she had to stop what she was doing to join her class. Her class was two locker doors away. Not only that, her teacher, Mrs. Horton met her in the hallway. "We have a fire drill and must exit the building as soon as possible." Germa went with her and the few students with her to the nearest exit outside the building. It took a couple of seconds to exit the building due to the overcrowding in the hallways. She took each step carefully and telling herself not to worry.

Outside, the student body and faculty body waited for the signal to re-enter the school building. The sun shone brightly and hot, the flowers blooming still, and the insect life buzzing. Many students and faculty members started to sweat being in the sun. Some swatted the bugs flying around them or landing on them. A few girls, like Ginger nearly lifted her skirt trying to shew away a huge shoe fly. It almost went up there.

But Germayne tried to reamin still as her need to go kept rising steadily and slowly. She tried not to show too much but she couldn't help it to a certain extent because she had to pee. All that coffee was hitting her on top of her intake of milk and orange juice from this morning. Germa had even put one leg in front of the other too to curb the urge she felt. Again, she wasn't in serious trouble but her desperation was rising.

Once the bell rang, everyone went back inside group by group. Germa waited there with the rest of her class until it was there turn to return to the building. Germa told herself she would be fine and she wasn't going to wet herself. But she wanted her tub of disinfectant wipes. She was a germaphobe after all. Once it was there turn, Germa went inside with her class and back to the classroom. Sadly, the crowd was too much to get to her locker. Plus, once in the classroom then she had to stay there.

She took her seat and prepared for the lesson. Once the class began, as usual the teacher Mrs. Horton spoke in her usual monotone speech. "Okay class it's time to listen and learn for the lesson. The last topic for the semester is the system of justice in America. It is a complex system of either taking the issue to court or being properly arrested according to standard operating procedures, followed by a court trial and laying out the evidence relevance to the issue at hand."

Germa was a little distracted by her need to go but she had to pay attention. She didn't want to miss her chance to learn as much as possible for the final exam next week. Like Octavia, she was keen on learning everything required. Her grades meant everything if she was going to perform analytical science research. Mrs. Horton droned on about how the justice system worked and what rights the accused had whether it came to an arrest or a court trial. She explained the basic procedures in place to ensure people have rights and a credibly chosen jury is selected for making an appropriate decision based on credibly acquired evidence.

Through that time, Germa squirmed more in her seat, shifting in her seat every 10 minutes. She moved her feet forward and backwards a few centimeters and quietly so as not to disturb others. She took notes as best as possible and usually she can handle her desperation due to the coffee. Of course, she felt safe due to her wipes tub.

*001*2023-04-15 22:33

But this time she felt a little more desperate. She did drink orange juice and milk instead of just milk. Perhaps the extra liquids was adding to her woes. She maintained her focus on the lesson in front of her and note taking. Germa followed along with the lesson and not once did she take her eyes off the marker board. The lesson went on a little longer than usual though.

With 12 minutes left of the class time, Mrs. Horton chose to hand out a work sheet for class work. The assignment involved defining certain words and explaining concepts taught in class. It was sort of a quiz but not one to be graded. It was for the students to test themselves. Since there wasn't space on the work sheet, they had to answer each question in their notebooks. Germa took the time to answer one question and made her move.

She raised her hand as per usual, hoping her teacher noticed her. At first, Mrs. Horton seemed a little distracted by her emails on her phone. Germa sat there shaking her knee up and down moderately fast. She spent a whole 5 minutes before Mrs. Horton looked up and noticed Germa with her hand raised. Mrs. Horton sighed knowing full well what it was. "You may go and come back." Germa got up from her seat and left for her locker. She felt significant desperation now but she walked calmly as possible, keeping her legs close together. She walked awkwardly by putting one foot in front of the other.

At her locker, she squatted to her lock on the locker. She turned the dial with great memory and opened it. When she opened the door her face turned to a blank expression, then confusion and worry. She was looked closer and rummaged through her things. For a whole 2 minutes she bobbed up and down looking through everything. Alas, what she wanted wasn't present. "What the hell? Where's my tub of wipes? I put them in here this morning. How could it have just disappeared?" Her disinfectant wipes wasn't in her locker.

She couldn't understand what could have happened. How could this be? 😫 And why? Then it hit her. She concluded someone stole it. But who? But she had to go so badly and she didn't have wipes. (FYI: the school forbids using paper towel as a seat cover. It was policy since that day with the toilets being denied thanks to Camilla that Thursday in April. If someone does this, it will show in the trash that so much toilet paper was used. They would limit the supply and make it so students have to ration the paper.)

With that, how was Germayne going to use the toilet? She wasn't a man, nor those types of girls who stand facing the urinal and aim into the urinal. It is messy and dribbling is bound to happen. She could squat over the urinal while facing away from it and aim downwards, but there is still splattering and possible dribbling. She wasn't keen on this, unlike Gretchen Grayson used to. But how long could she hold it. Her anxiety and worry was adding to her woes like when she was a child.

How was she to go? Was she to stand on top of a toilet seat and go, spraying the whole seat and herself? Gross! She had to figure out a way. She had to go back to class as it wasn't allowed to waste time outside. She was desperate and had to empty her bladder. Her bladder and urethra were full, and still her body was processing that liquid. During her time in American Government and Law, she consume some water due to lack of air conditioning and feeling hot. That was going to hit her too. What was she to do?

She walked back to class with this worried and upset look. She had to pee but can't as she is a certified germaphobe. Toilets are still messed up by stupid uncouth females. And someone stole her disinfectant wipes. Who would do that? She thought and raced in her mind. This was unfair and this was theft. Germa didn't focus on the worksheet and the work involved now. Even as Mrs. Horton was going over the work, Germa didn't pay any attention. After a few minutes, she left for the main office to report this act of theft.

The class ended and now she had to go for lunch. And this was going to be a dousey. How was she to have lunch while having to pee. And that line was going to fill up fast. And of course, Hortense would be whining about having to pee, and may be run into the boy's bathroom. And that would be the 6th time now. She managed to get away with it since Mrs. Kay left and the guys figured out she was a dits. No one even wanted to report it because it was so stupid. But this she was.

She found herself grabbing her skirt walking with her thighs and knees pressed together. She had to go and badly but she needed disinfectant wipes to sit on the toilet. Once at the main office she saw a line for Nurse Talia's office bathroom. She made her way to Principal Shida's office. The Principal spoke with her Vice Principal and Class President Gretchen Grayson. "So if we just cut this out we should have a balanced budget now."

"I agree Principal Shida." Octavia replied.

Just then, two knocks at the door disrupted their train of thought. It was Germayne Irma. "Ex-cuse me ... I-I w-want t-to report theft. My disinfectant wipes ... were stolen from-my locker. I ... can't go to the bathroom without ... it." President Grayson rubbed her eyes while everyone just had this annoyed look. "Just go to the bathroom for crying out. Being a germaphobe isn't helping you at all is it?" President Grayson replied. Germayne had this desperate and hurt look. "Miss Irma we are busy here. Don't worry about germs-" but she was cut short.

"I'm trying to report a theft of something I need to use the bathroom and you guys can't help me with this? I need your help. What kind of administration is this? Camilla was right about everything. You people are lazy and don't care." Germa said. She pointed her index finger at the class president and school principal. "You people said things would be better but nothing is better if theft is allowed and you won't do a single thing about this. And why are the toilets always so filthy. You know why I use those wipes? It's because girls are so nasty and I don't want to use a urinal. My piss splatters and I don't want a mess. Plus, the toilet seats are so wet and girls spray all over them when they stand. They don't care about wiping but I do. If you don't care about hygiene or theft then ... oh I have to pee so badly. If you people cared about your jobs I wouldn't be in this situation. I HAYE YOU ALL!"

She stormed out of the office, on the verge of holding her crotch. She was hurt and didn't feel very represented. It was a betrayal in her mind. This wasn't right. As for Gretchen and Shida, they looked at each other and back at the doorway. Octavia had this annoyed look regarding the stupidity of 18 year old students. She made her way to the nearest bathroom to the cafeteria and saw the toilet stalls taken. The urinals were a mess. She made her way to the cafeteria to find a long line and Hortense nowhere to be seen.

She couldn't go starving but she didn't want to add to her woes. She had to pee and badly. But the germaphobic side of her just couldn't find the courage to sit on a toilet seat or use a urinal. And there was the anti-toilet seat policy with toilet paper. And flushing down the drain was possible but that might clog the new plumbing system. She can't go at all until she gets her disinfectant wipes tub back. Hopefully, the theft gives them back soon. Throughout the lunch period, she ate her sandwich and drank her water. She knew this would bite her on her butt later.

It was so hot in the cafeteria that she had to drink more water. Her whole body protested drinking more water and eating more food. Each time she brought something to eat or drink, her body screamed at her not to add to the predicament. She wanted to go and relieve herself but she knew how the bathrooms were. For a whole few weeks since Principal Calhoun left, things went smoothly. But without Camilla freedom prevailed and so did not caring about how to keep the bathrooms. She could feel the stinging feeling in her abdomen and exit hole, becoming worse as time passed.

Once her lunch break was over, she carefully got up to leave. Everyone in the cafeteria had left and being part of a crowd made her feel nervous. Her next class was drama. There she had to act out and portray a character. Currently, they had to portray scenes from the play Hamlet. She really didn't want to but she figured if she kept her head down and paid attention, may be she wouldn't have to stand up to act. Germa made her way towards her class past drawing class and creative writing class.

She walked awkwardly, stopping to one side of the hallway at times to deal with her urge to go. She would wiggle her left foot and grab her skirt to lessen the urge. Of course it didn't but it gave minor temporary relief. It was what she needed. By the time she got to class, she quickly sat in the rows closer to the back of the classroom. She didn't want to be chosen for any roles. As with various seniors, she chose to have a shortened schedule for school. She chose to have 6 and a half periods of the day.

She just had to endure an hour more before classes were over. She only lived a quarter of a mile but she was worried sick. Without her wipes how was she to properly go on a toilet seat that wasn't cleaned? Her mind was racked about not being able to go nor having disinfectant wipes to clean herself if anything happened. She hated this and no one came forward. It was clear to her the administration of this school didn't care for the clean people of this school. They didn't care for hygiene.

*002*2023-04-16 22:21

During the drama class, Germayne could feel her need rising even more now. She was becoming severely desperate to go from lunch. She had to pee and badly. Germayne didn't want to use the bathroom but she couldn't risk and accident. She didn't know if she could last longer. She just wanted to release her pent up golden ocean. Having an accident wasn't an option for her. The teacher droned on about giving more emotion and passion towards acting. She wanted everyone to show emotion to the point that it was hard to tell the person acted.

But Germayne didn't care. She just wanted to pee. Strangely enough, her classmates (3 of them in particular) were Hortense, Qaura, and Jasmine. They looked at her every so often to see how she was doing? Why was this you ask? Time will tell. "One of the things actors and actresses do is draw upon past experiences to shoe the required emotion for the part and the scene." Mr. Finkle said. The only expression she could show was the "I'm bursting and about to piss myself" look.

Germayne shook her legs up and down rapidly, kept her hands on her crotch, and even winced trying to hold it in. Hortense narrowed her eyes with a look of affirmation and met expectation. Qaura and Jasmine looked longingly as to whether she was about to wet herself or not. They hoped she might wet herself and get into trouble. Hortense kept her backpack closed to conceal something. What was it?

As time passed and to the very end, she was so desperate to pee. Germayne tried her best to stay out of sight from the teacher. However, Mr. Finkle called out to Germa. "Miss Irma. Yes you please come up here." She looked up with surprise and horror. She couldn't believe her method to stay hidden didn't work. She didn't want to be seen or noticed. She just wanted to stay seated and only get up to go to her next class.

She was in no position to act anything let alone a scene from one of the greatest works created by William Shakespeare. Germayne slowly got up, slowly keeping her hands by her sides and walking briskly. She felt very uncomfortable and didn't want to jostle all the fluids ready to leave her. Anything about to cause an accidental relaxation of her muscles must be avoided to worked with carefully. She didn't want to piss herself on school property. She wasn't Gretchen Grayson (from before she became class president).

Once at the front of the class, she looked at her teacher. She stared at him with wide eyes (not too wide) appearing as if she was focused but she came of as weird. The teacher wasn't sure if she was shy or something else was wrong. "Miss Irma please portray the character Hamlet for scene 4 of act 3, line 5 to line 10."

Germayne knew she had to stare at the whole classnand act out the situation presented. She gulped, looked at the script packet for the story, and read it for a bit. She bobbed every 20 seconds, opened and closed her right hand to deal with her urge (wave of desperation downstairs and the instinctive urge to grab her crotch.) She just couldn't help but want to go.

Germayne spoke but shakily and weak. Mr. Finkle wasn't impressed, correcting her in a manner that was sort of scolding. "T-to be or n-not to be. That's .. the q-quest-tion!" Germa spoke. "Miss Irma that was terrible. Please read it again and as I have instructed. Put more into the part this time." Mr. Finkle said. Again she spoke and trying to speak a little firmly. "To be or ... not to be that is the questio-". But again she was cut short by Mr. Finkle. "That was rushed and you shuddered. Do it again." Germa stared at Mr. Finkle, then at her packet for the notes. She pirsped her lips and tried again. "To be or not to be. That is the question." Mr. Finkle replied back in a more positive way. But he wanted her to stop bobbing up and down.

He then asked another student to come forward and read his lines to her portraying Hamlet's friend Rosencrantz. The student was a girl by the name of Edith Edwards. She was a chunky geeky student with a frowny face. She spoke her lines but she was cut short several times because she didn't seem to have the gusto to read the lines as shown by the scene. Germa had enough and she couldn't take it anymore. "Stop! I have to go now before I have a flood!"

Germayne ran out of there and to the nearest bathroom. Mr. Finkle was annoyed and offended by this. Hortense raised her hand to speak. "Mr. Finkle I have a headache from the heat. May I go to Nurse Talia's office please?" Mr. Finkle already saw one student leave and now another one wanted to leave. He wasn't going to have any of it. "Seriously, I just had one leave and now you .............. you okay?"

Hortense had this lethargic look on her and almost tripped over. She held her head in her hands. "I ... need to see our school nurse or i might keel over. Please sir." Mr. Finkle didn't want a student in serious danger and allowed her to go with help. Hortense mentioned her friends Qaura and Jasmine to help her. He approved and let them leave slowly. They put their arm around Hortense as she walked slowly. Once outside her facial expression turned into a smirk.

It was then that Hortense and company made their way to the nearest bathroom. Of course that is where Germayne was. Inside, she saw dirty toilets and urinals. She wasn't sure how to go on any of them. Not only that, but the toilet seats weren't exactly safe to stand upon. And the seats were wide that she couldn't just squat facing them. The seats were tall enough that squatting facing away from the toilet seat was tough too. And the urinals were too high for her. She would end up sitting on the outer edges of the urinal bowls, which were stained with urine. The ground also shined a wetness too. It was filthy.

Inside, she held her crotch thinking about how she was going to go. But she couldn't figure out a way without causing splattering or spraying on herself, and without having to sit on the toilet seat or the urinal. She wished the toilets were better than this. Then, the door opened and Germayne turned around to see who it was. "Hey listen the toilets are filthy. Don't go here!" She said.

Hortense and her friends had this smug and contempt look in their eyes. Hortense asked why she didn't yet go. "Oh its just that my disinfectant wipes are missing and I clean the seat without it before and after going. If I can sit or properly go I will end up wetting myself. I'm bursting." Hortense replied "Which wipes? Oh you mean these!"

Out from under her shirt was a tub of Clorox wipes. Germayne's eyes widened as she realized who stole her wipes. "You! Give those back now!". But Hortense and her friends weren't done punishing her. "No way. Without the wipes you have to go and get your bottomed wet. Just like everyone here who used stupid toilet paper. You get what you deserve."

"Yeah Germaphobe girl!" Qaura said. "Your days of holding up the line are over!" Jasmine followed up.

*003*2023-04-19 23:09

Germa didn't understand what this was about other than the fact that they stole her disinfectant wipes. The very thing she needs to use the bathroom. "Give back my wipes now!" Germayne demanded. But Hortense wouldn't relent period. "No! I will not. You always hold up the line disinfecting the seat while a queue already exists. When at least one toilet stall could be available you hold it up for just for yourself. Us girls are left desperate or bursting, and on the verge of or indeed have an accident. It's not fair, so we chose to hold you up and cause you the same suffering. Teach you a lesson".

Qaura also threw in her two cents. "It's because of you and the stupid Tri-Royalty Brigade that the toilet stalls were always unavailable. Always. And you b****** never cared about the rest of us waiting or peeing ourselves. I once wet myself because of you and your germaphobia. Same with Hortense and Jasmine."

"Yeah you stupid germ freak! May be now you'll stop holding up the line!" Jasmine said. Germayne didn't have time for this and demanded her wipes be returned. But the other girls insisted on withholding it.

Germa was fed up, and on the verge of an accident. "If anyone is to blame for holding up the line it's you and the rest of society. I wipe because the seats are disgusting and I shouldn't have to clean them. And I wipe again as a courtesy-oooohhh!". She whimpered as a wave of desperation came over her. Germayne had to pee or else it was pee falls all over herself. She desperately wanted her wipes back so she could go on a clean toilet. She went to grab the wipes tub only to have them swiped away by Hortense. They started their taunting and mocking against Germyane. "Here it is. Come and get it germaphobe girl!" They started laughing and making fun at her.

Germayne wanted it all to stop and have her tub returned to her. But she couldn't hold it anymore. "Oh oh no oh no. Please give it back. Please." She pleaded. But they didn't care to and continued to watch her become more desperate. "You would make us desperate all the time. Now it's our turn to make you suffer." Jasmine said. Germayne couldn't do this anymore. She just couldn't hold out. Her urge to go was too powerful and playing the game of hot potato was not feasible.

"Come germaphobe girl. Don't you want the wipes? It's over here." Jasmine said as she threw the wipes over to Hortense. Hortense threw it to Qaura who threw it Jasmine and the cycle continued. Germayne screamed for them to give it back in a shaky tone as she couldn't hold it for long and her tears watered a little. Germaphobe girl decided to inform Principal Shida once more but she stopped in her tracks. She was a fee feet away from the door to the bathroom. Her knees shook sideways and her body stiff.

Germayne didn't have the tike to travel all that way without having an accident. This was it. She couldn't hold it anymore. It didn't help she was feeling anxiety from not having her wipes, anxiety which contributed to her need to go. She expressed a facial look that she was going to burst any moment. Qaura spoke out. "O she's going to burst. Quick cover the toilet stalls and that one urinal. They're not as dirty." Hortense and Jasmine stood in front of the doors to the bathroom. Qaura stood in front of the less dirty urinal.

Now Germayne could either wait until she pissed herself or use the dirty urinal stained with pee. Of course she would have to sit upon the urinal as it wasn't a urinal she could hover over. It was a little too high for that so Germayne would have to jump up to sit on it. Germa hated this and the psychological game being played. But she didn't want to piss herself. And her wipes weren't returned to her. She had to think fast as time was running out. She couldn't remain in here forever. The bell also just rang and now

Germayne knew her time would be up. She had to grab her things before going to her next period room. "Well? Aren't you going to use the urinal or piss yourself?" Hortense asked. "Piss yourself germaphobe loser!" Jasmine said. Qaura watched her intently. Germayne demanded they stop this and just give her the wipes but they refused. Just then, a girl walked inside the bathroom only to wonder what was going on. "Until she pees herself or uses the urinal, none of the dirty stalls or that other urinal are available." Qaura said.

The girl had this strange look on her face and left. She didn't understand how anyone could be so deranged. Germayne was fighting an urge to go and it wasn't going away. She tried and tried but it would go away. Her urethra couldn't hold it back. At last she pleaded one more time and tried apologizing. "I'm sorry for holding up the line and didn't mean to make anyone piss themselves. Please just give me back my .... (gasp) uh-uuuuuuuu-uh ... oh no!" Germa said.

Her defenses weren't going to hold at all now. She spurted a small jet, then another and another and another, and another, and another. She cried out to give her the wipes but again they refused. Now she was done. Her piss started coming out as a small stream. But it kept coming and coming. The dark patch on her pikachu panties turned black, becoming bigger, traveling front and back, and rivulets traveling out from the sides of the gusset of her panties.

Even a stream emerged from her gusset striking the floor, splattering on the floor and her shoes. She cried 'no' several times and cried for them to help her. But Hortense and her cronies wouldn't help her as they pointed and cheered for her wetting accident. She couldn't just stand there. She just couldn't piss on herself. She ran over to the urinal, hopped onto it and began urinating into it. Her pee splatter onto her butt, her upper thighs and onto her skirt on the inside.

Not only that, but her clean skin was also made dirty for sitting on a wet and dirty urinal. Germayne began crying as she felt gross, she betrayed herself and ideals of cleanliness, and she wet herself. After 20 seconds, she sat there with her face in her hands very sad. She sobbed and angrily spoke to her bullies. "Are you all happy I wet myself and made myself dirty for your pleasure? I hate you all."

Hortense spoke. "Now you know how we felt. You get what you deserve!". She opened the wipes tub, took out the last few disinfectant wipes, and just as she handed it to Hortense, she took it away and threw the puddle of pee made by Germayne. She laughed and ran out of the bathroom along with her friends. Germayne was shocked and horrified. She couldn't belive what just happened. She sat there taking it all in and process what happened before her anger and pain consumed her. She screamed for about 20 seconds before running out the door, grabbing her things, and running home. Her next class period was half a period of study hall.

She checked herself out from the main office by saying she was ill and ran home. She showered and ran to her room, sobbing some more. She couldn't wait to take her finals and get out of here. She never wanted to come back. And she never did. Without her wipes, using the bathroom was her worst nightmare.

*005*2023-04-20 22:43

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

The sentence should be, "Quara also threw in her two cents." as that is the correct expression.

Also, you don't have to censor words on this site

}}

You're right about the correct word. I think its homophone or homonym that you're referring to.

*006*2023-04-22 21:25

That is the end for this fiction story post. I hope you liked it and as always, please feel free to comment.

