Availability Denied

Author: Uroguy

*000*2022-06-28 01:58

Summary: A female clubber is bursting for the bathroom while on a long bathroom qeueue. When she can't hold it any longer, she proceeds to take matters into her own hands before having an accident.

Plot: Damn it! How long is this line going to be. I have to pee sososo bad." Gwenndolinne Masterson thought to herself. Since 12 midnight until now (1 am), she waiting on line for the ladies' room inside the Pheonix night club. As usual, Gwenndolinne was bursting beyond belief and needed to urinate so badly. The pressure just kept mounting upon her bladder as well as her poor urethra. Gwenndolinne always indulged in a good time at night clubs. She loved the music, dancing, good food, and the liquids. Specifically, she loved the soda, fruit punch, and red wine. Gwenndolinne just can't help herself and in the presence of these liquids, she consumes lots of it with her food. And she just can't help but ignore her need to go until she is severely desperate to bursting. And right now she was bursting big time.

Gwenndolinne bobbed up and down, keeping her right leg double crossed, standing bent over, fighting her incessant wave of desperation. The pressure just kept mounting as all the fluids and food collected into her urethra. "Damn it why is this line not moving. Hey get outta there!" Gwenndolinne shouted followed by an "Oh no-nononononono no no oh no." Gwenndolinne almost spurted from speaking loudly and with passion. She had to go and soon or else. The line didn't move much except for 7 people out of what was a total of 25 people. There were 18 people still in front of her and it was pretty clear this line wasn't going to move any faster.

One 21-year old girl in place #4 near the door was holding her crotch and bobbing up and down, couldn't take it anymore. "Excuse me excuse-" but she was cut short by the person at the door entrance. "A-a (shaking her head in a no-way manner)! Get to the back of the .... seriously?" The girl replied "I can't hold it. I just can't hold it oh gaawwd!" running inside while unable to stop wetting herself. Her trail of desperation was followed by complaints and cursing. One woman (40 years) said "Yeah kid run inside! If I wasn't desperate, I would-ah (wincing) eeeeeemmmmmmmmmm ....".

Gwenndolinne Masterson couldn't believe what she saw. Here she was and number 19 on the line. And yet some girl jumped the line. "Who was this bimbo that grabbed her ticket for relief?" Gwenndolinne wondered. Gwenndolinne couldn't handle the proverbial smack in the face as her wave of desperation was made worse by her bladder contracting. It was as if her bladder saw this and protested with anger. Gwenndolinne applied more pressure against this pressure by contracting her urethra even more. She was already in so much pain and had to endure more. "This reminds me of the time I had to wait for Piper to get out of the bathroom and I had to piss in the garbage bag.". (Please see my fiction Desperate Morning).

Gwenndolinne Masterson kept telling herself she would make it soon so as to not make her need worse. But time was ticking forward. It was 1:15 pm and still only two persons went inside while the girl from before (wetting herself) still didn't come in. The other woman (from before yelling at the pissing girl) couldn't take it anymore and ran inside. Since she was ..... well ... as big as Nyla Rose (AEW wrestling star) who could stop her as she pushed everyone out of the way. One girl (22 years old) lost her footing and landed on her butt. Sadly she began urinating in her jeans. "Noooooooooo!" the girl screamed.

Gwenndolinne continued to bob and pee dance while leg double crossed online. At one point, her need became such an unnatural wave of desperation that cause her to crouch down. Wincing, teeth clenching, and whimpering, Gwenndolinne had to muster more of her strength not to let a single drop escape her. She has had accidents before but this time she wanted to avoid that. She wasn't going to let herself be (as her friends call her) Peeing Gwen. She hated that and she hated her stupid gluttonous nature for waiting too long at this point. She was determined to stay dry. After 20 seconds, she got her need under control but her urethra was paining her. She desperately wanted relief and wished the line moved faster. Suddenly, she and others could hear yelling inside the ladies' room. The female nearest the door could hear this. "You toilet hog! We need the toilet and you're enjoying phone sex? I just pissed myself and you just wave it off. That's it!".

"Screw you!". Female bouncers came into the bathroom and hurried both women out. Two went in as three came out.

Gwenndolinne was still trying to keep it together for the next 40 minutes. In that time she kept thinking positive thoughts, such as the time she went fishing with her father up-state. She remembered how peaceful it was and how quiet the environment behaved. This thought always helped to calm her nerves no matter the situation. But how long would it last? During this 40 minutes, another female (27 years) with jet-black hair, stiletto heels, a revealing top and a micro-mini skirt couldn't take it and ran off the line. She grabbed a huge beer mug from a customer about to ask for more beer. She lifted up her skirt and shoved the mug into position and released her pent up ocean. "Yes yes oh yes y-yes sweet relief. Oh man!". The customer behind her shouted at her to clean the mug while the staff told her to pay for damages. She casually waved her hand stating she was rich and would pay easily.

At the end of the 40 minutes, Gwenndolinne couldn't take it anymore. Her will power was not enough to deal with the wave of desperation that reached super ultra maximum pressure against her poor urethra. Something had to give. And it could be her body that badly screamed neurotransmitters to let go like you wouldn't believe. Her mind lost it. She ran off line and looked for a plant pot or a corner not occupied. She began resorting to her frantic foolish self she tried to avoid becoming. She looked all over and saw not a single plant pot or an unoccupied corner that no one would see in her. She ran out the door and looked both sides. To her right was never ending buildings with alleys that were filled with people already. To her left was the same thing, except for one alley that seemed to be devoid of anyone. "Perfect!" she said to herself and ran over there.

Gwenndolinne was overcome with much relief and wanted to get there asap. But she had to be careful not to cause herself to have an accident. She was wearing strappy shoes with heels and each step she took combined with her ectasy for relief and her need to go threatened to cause her to go. But she remained focused and made it to the alley of question. "Finally." Gwenndolinne cried with a smile only to find men taking a bathroom trip or vomiting. She was horrified by the horrible sight of biological waste and the numerous people. There was no privacy. And worse! The alley had a bad odor.

Some looked like they were not from tough neighborhoods while others were skinny guys just waiting to be punched. Gwenndolinne stood there swaying her knees while bent forward, thinking about her next move. But where was she going to go. Suddenly, she felt a small dribble travel down the middle and that ended her indecisiveness. She ran past all the weirdos and seedy people, ran into the darkened areas of the alley and stopped behind a trash can. She saw the ground had a pot hole leading into the sewage. She made up her mind.

Gwenndolinne positioned herself over this pot hole and readied to lower herself when another wave of desperation so powerful it nearly punched a jet of her pent up golden falls. She winced and gritted her teeth so hard she might have as well as caused her teeth to travel back upwards. "Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!" she whimpered. This wave immobilized her to the extent that she felt moving might cause her to leak. But her resolve finally took over and she lowered herself.

She lifted up the hem of her short skirt halter top dress, revealing she went commando. She opened her legs apart and made one last look down to ensure she properly over the pot hole. It was so dark she couldn't be completely sure but time was running out. She counted in her mind 1..2..3 and let go. A jet of her urine the appearance of a fire hose jet emitted itself from her nether region. Several smaller streams deviated from the main jet into the pot hole as well as rivulets emerged down the middle dripping profusely. Some of the rivulets went down to her buttocks nearby her genital region and dripping off the skin of her buttocks.

Gwenndolinne almost fell backwards from the sweet ecstasy of relief. Her bladder deflated as well as her urethra feeling the pressure of the flow of her urine rapidly moving by. Her urine sizzled as steam emerged from the pot hole. It was hot and the sight according to the others was hot too. They couldn't believe someone did this in front of them. Suddenly, a voice could be heard calling out "Fuuuuuzzzzzzzz!". Everyone scrambled out of there to avoid the police, leaving Gwenndolinne by herself still urinating. A police patrol slowly drove by the alley. During the driveby, the driver looked in the direction of the alley. Gwenndolinne stood there frozen and crouched next to the trash pail still urinating. Her stream did start to trickle but she remained still. One officer asked if his partner saw anyone. The driver couldn't see anything and continued driving.

Her stream slowly tricked to a stop and once she pushed out the last few drops, she proceeded to get back on her feet. She carefully left the alley and inspected the coast. Majority of the street was empty as people carefully left quickly. Gwenndolinne left as well and made her way home asap. She didn't bother to wipe the dried up urine off her bottom and the few rivulets that traveled down the inside seams of her thighs. Gwenndolinne proceeded to plop on her bed and worry about it the next morning. And the laundry too.

FYI: Gwenndolinne is 25 years old.

*002*2022-07-02 02:26

No problem Orangelion.

*003*2022-07-02 02:33

It is hard coming up with new story scenarios for posting. I was wondering if you or others would like to try new story lines for my characters. Please check out all my fiction. Most of them I copy and pasted from a different pee fetish site. The rest were specifically posted on this site. I was thinking about a scenario for a fictional student and its a long one. But it was taken down due to involving under age fictional girl students. I want to post this but I am not sure it would be okay should I say all the characters at this fictional middle school undergoing desperation are 18 years old. What are your thoughts and which characters from any of my fiction do you want to write about too?

*005*2022-07-03 16:08

Okay. Hmmmmmm! I will think about other stories to write.

