Desperate Nature Ballooner

Author: Uroguy

*000*2023-02-12 20:07

Today was another day in the world of mother nature away from civilization. The mountainous mix of desert in western America was barren as usual, except for the spotty areas of cacti, tumble weeds, and a few trees. It was yet another hot and humid day in the dead of summer. The sun was bright and the sky a pure blue without a single cloud to be seen. In the sky, many feet above the ground, was a red, hot air-balloon. On board was Marris Porter doing her usual nature travels. If she wasn't camping, hiking, climbing or boating, she was ballooning. Today she was ballooning in south-western America viewing all of mother nature in all her desert glory. She noted all she saw from the creatures to the mountains, to the vegetation and the weather. To her, this was the wonderland. It was peaceful and quiet. No drama nor the business of the developed world.

It was midday and already Marris had her lunch. She was finishing up her 5th bottle of water to stay hydrated in this desert heat. But now she was in need of the toilet facilities. Of course, there was no such thing out here and now she was becoming desperate. She could feel her bladder full and taught. It was time for a landing down below. But the ground below was too hilly and rocky to land. It wasn't parallel to the sky nor flat. So, she had to keep flying the balloon.

It was imperative she landed on proper ground. Safety first. As time passed, Marris was becoming more and more desperate. Her urge grew more intense and after about 2 hours of searching for flat ground, she was severely desperate. Marris didn't want a repeat of the last three times she was desperate. Two of those times, she wet her shorts while the other time she went swimming in the nearby lake, she peed nearby the camp site after a bear ravaged the area. Now she wanted to find a place to go without issue and without being on the verge of an accident.

Marris found a mesa to fly onto and land the balloon. It was only 3 pm and still daylight. By now, she was pee dancing and fighting a wave of desperation. During her descent, she manned the balloon as carefully as possible while trying not to have accident. She bent forward at times while keeping one hand on her groin and one on controlling the balloon. Just the sight of the mesa she wanted to land upon added to her desperation. It was right beneath her and still it took her about half an hour to get down on it. Her brain flooded her mind with signals to release at once. Boy did she ever want relief and wish she could just land on the mesa or teleport there. But that's not how it works. 'Hurry up stupid balloon.' Marris thought to herself.

After about half an hour, she touched down on the mesa surface and exited the balloon car. Then, she proceeded to walk some distance away from the balloon. Although there wasn't a single tree or boulder to get behind, there wasn't a single person to be found. She had perfect privacy save for a plane or spy satellite. But what was she a threat to? She pushed down on her hiking shorts and thong, squatted down and kept her clothes out of the way. She relaxed her muscles and allowed her bladder to deflate.

'Oooooooooooooh!" Marris groaned as she allowed a torrent to strike the surface of the mesa a few feet away from her. It was a powerful stream that created a puddle and branched out in several directions. A few rivulets dribbled down the middle and sides and dropped off her buttocks as droplets. For the next 30 seconds, she peed in peace before the stream tapered off to a trickle, then stopped. She pushed out the last little bit before cleaning herself off. Marris doused herself down there with another water bottle and wiped herself with a cloth.

She put her clothes back on and continued ballooning.

