Twilight Sparkle's Horribly Amazing Discovery!

Author: Unknown104

*000*2018-02-23 04:59

Twilight Sparkle held a small piece of paper in her hand, reading over the old incantations and magic runes.

"Uh... Pinkie?" She glanced down at her party-animal of a friend, already bouncing with joy and glee. With a dirty face and a muddied white t-shirt, surely what she had discovered was worth it. "Is this what I think it is?"

"Mmhm! Sure is!"

"How did you..." She ran her fingers over the rough papyrus, almost in disbelief that, not only had one of her friends had found an old incantation but that it was in it was in its complete form! "Where'd you even find this?"

"Well," She inhaled deeply, her chest puffing out as she took in as much air as she could. "Fluttershy and I and Angel Bunny were looking for some of his acquaintances when we suddenly stumbled upon a treacherous cave and I managed to find that outside it." She breathed. Twilight's mind took a few extra moments to process the long-winded explanation.

"Alright..." She mumbled, turning her attention back to the paper she took another moment or so to look over the spell. "Seems like it's in old Equestrian, but I recognize the type of magic it's using. I'll let you know if I figure out anything."

"Alright Twi'. See ya later!"

As quickly as she had appeared, Pinkie was gone. Twilight turned, entering back into her humble little library. She gently shut the door behind herself. I can't believe this... She headed up into her study on the second floor with a skip in her step.

Her the long legs of her pj's dragged behind her. She wore a form-fitting, dark grey tank-top and purple pajamas, with small stars imprinted all over them. Twilight had planned on relaxing for the day. With Hearth's Warming Cleanup finally finished, she had decided to give herself a little break. But, with Pinkie's revelation, her curiosity had thrust her back into action.

She stepped up into her study, rushing over to her desk and nearly tripping over a small stack of novels in the process. A few empty cans of soda and blank pieces of paper sat at the far end of her desk, having finished them off earlier in the day while she was trying to perfect a spell.

"Okay..." She huffed, cloaking herself, the desk, and most objects nearby in a cloud of protective magic. Just in case.

Twilight reached for one of the empty cans, placing it at the center of her desk. A bit rusty on my Old Equestrian... But I'll manage. Hopefully. She glanced back down to the incantation, pausing and reading it again to be safe, and once more after that to be completely sure.

"Leacht lamhnán." She recited, applying a small amount of her magic to go with it. If it was a volatile spell, she did not want to risk making it stronger.

Yet, there was no reaction. Not even a small sound or cloud of magic around the can. What?

Twilight's protective spell lowered. She picked up the can, inspecting the outside, the bottom, the top- every place she could've imagined a physical change, yet nothing had happened.

Maybe I didn't give it enough power? She set it back down.

"Leacht lamhnán!" She repeated, this time with a bit more force, both in her voice and her magic. Alas, it was fruitless. Not even as much as a movement from the can.

"Hm..." Twilight hummed, picking up the can. She held it up to the light overhead and examined the inside. Some small amount of brown soda sat at the bottom, just barely enough to cover the bottom. That's odd... She shook the can, trying to get it out, or just simply swish it around inside the can, but it wouldn't move. So that's what it does? What's the point? Twilight sat it back down.

There must be something more to this. I'll have to see if I can get Pinkie to show me where she found it. She turned to head back the stairs, only to see her shadow cast across the staircase. ... Tomorrow. I'm definitely not heading into those woods at night.

She headed back downstairs, turning to her right and heading into the kitchen. The room was simple- white walls, gray tiled floors, a square wooden table at the center with a chair at each side, a small trash can right outside the kitchen, a sink sticking out of the wall at the right, and a small refrigerator and an old gas stove at the end corner farthest away from her. With only two people living there, there wasn't much of a need for much anything else.

A small plate of peanut butter and grape jelly sandwiches had been sat out on the table, prepared by her little assistant earlier in the day. Hope he and Rarity are having some luck on their gem mining trip. Seemed like they both needed it. She giggled under her breath.

Twilight grabbed a sandwich from the ate and bit a small corner off before she sat it back down. She headed over to the refrigerator, opening it and kneeling down to look inside. Milk, eggs... Ah, there you are! She grabbed a bottle of water, turning back towards the table. Her hands went to work unscrewing the cap as she kicked the fridge door closed. She sat back down at the table, beginning to eat her dinner.

Hopefully, they'll be back soon. It's been weird waking up without him with me.

She took a small sip from her water, before pausing suddenly. Her bladder was beginning to make her aware of its current status. Nothing major, but just enough to grab her attention.

I'll go later. She ignored the feeling as best she could, going on and finishing her dinner. Maybe tomorrow... She yawned loudly, standing up and finishing her water. Yeah, definitely... Twilight stood, stepping out of the kitchen. She sluggishly made her way up to her study, disposing her water bottle and heading up to her bed at the corner of the room and plopping down onto it. She fell asleep, ready to continue working on the incantation tomorrow.

###

I dunno how consistent I'll be in updates, but I'll (hopefully) finish it.

*002*2018-02-24 19:55

Twilight's body began to stir, feet kicking slightly and a hand resting on her lap. A thick blanket had wrapped its way around her while she slept, its warmth only making her stay in bed more comfortable. She wished she could've stayed this way all day, just laying in her bed, as comfy and cozy as could be.

Alas, that was a foolish dream. There was work to be done, and besides, some alerting pangs from her bladder refused to give her a single moment more of rest.

Her eyes snapped open, before drooping back down into a blank stare up at the ceiling. She groaned, somehow managing to pull herself up out of the bed, heading towards the stairs. Her hands nearly instinctively went to the railings, making sure the half-asleep woman wouldn't fall down the stairs in her drowsy state.

Twilight (somehow) made it down to the floor below without stumbling. She turned to the right, heading into the kitchen. Some hot tea would surely rouse her out of her spell of sleepiness!

She headed up to the fridge, placing a hand on the top and blindly looking for a pot.

C'mon... She felt something cold brush against her hand, swiveling away slightly. Just... Twilight took hold of the pot's handle, bringing it down. Got you, sneaky little thing. She sat it on the bottom left eye before reaching back up and grabbing a small box of tea bags, thankfully with more ease

Twilight turned around and sat the box down, swinging back to the pot and grabbing it back the handle she walked over to the sink and stuck the pot beneath the faucet, turning the sink on and allowing it to fill it slightly. It served as a reminder to her bladder's current, urgent status.

She waited until it was about halfway full before she cut the sink off, heading back over to the stove and setting it back down on the same spot. Her right hand moved to turn on the eye. A spark of magic ignited beneath pot, breathing some life into the old stove.

Now that that's taken care of... Twilight quickly swung away from the stove, stepping past the table and back beside the staircase. She sluggishly jogged past two or three shelves of books before stepping up to her bathroom door. A cloud of telekinetic magic surrounded the door handle, twisting and pushing it open. She closed the door, pulled down her pj's and sat down on the cold toilet seat, and waited for her body to take its natural course of action.

Yet, that action never came.

"Hm?" Twilight hummed, confused. She pushed, trying to force it out of her to no avail. Her body was definitely telling her to go, but at the same time she couldn't do it.

That's weird... She questioned, standing back up. Her magic pulled her pants back up for her. Maybe my body's still not totally awake yet... Some tea might help.

She pushed the door open, walking back into the kitchen. The water had already begun to boil, thankfully. Twilight grabbed a random, dark purple mug off the table and grabbed the box of tea bags as she went over to the pot, carefully dropping the a couple of the bags into the water.

She waited a few minutes or for it to get ready, tapping a foot against the tiled floor impatiently. Come on... Having to stare at the water pop and bubble certainly wasn't helpful to her current situation.

After another minute or so of waiting, Twilight cut the stove off, blowing out the flame beneath the eye and moving the pot to the next eye. She waited a few moments for the water to cool. As soon as she felt it was cool enough, she used her telekinetic magic to lift some of the warm water out of the pot, carefully placing it inside the mug.

There. She lifted the hot mug up to her mouth and took a sip, the hot liquid almost instantly giving her a boost of energy. Much better. Wish I knew where Spike kept the sugar. Twilight shrugged it off, taking a bigger sip. Maybe now. She sat the cup down on the table, heading back into the hall. With a quick turn to the left, she heading into the bathroom. She slipped her pants down onto her thighs and sat back down.

And waited.

And waited.

And then waited a few more moments.

What the hell? Twilight was fed up. I need to find that spell book again. There most be some way to force it out. She stood up and pulled up her pants, stomping out of the bathroom and up into her study. Why can't I just go?! I had a ton of soda last night, if anything, I should be-

Twilight paused suddenly, freezing on the step up into her study. That spell Pinkie found... Oh no. She dashed up the remaining step and up to her desk. Her right hand took hold of the can, turning back to the staircase and rushing back down. She turned to the right and headed back into the kitchen, setting it beside her mug.

Please don't work, please don't work, please... Twilight grabbed the mug, pouring the remaining tea into the can. She picked the can back up, turning it onto its top, hoping and praying that the tea would come flushing out. Alas, no such thing came.

She lifted it back up, looking inside. The tea had filled up half of the can, and acted just as the soda had the night before. No amount of jiggling or shaking would get it out.

I-I don't understand. Twilight sat the can back down. I took all the necessary precautions. I didn't use too much magic, I stood a bit away from it, I used protective magic-

Her eyes snapped wide, realizing her fatal error. I lowered it the second time! No!

She placed a hand across her chest, her heart pounding in her chest. Okay, keep calm, Twilight... This can be fixed. She tried to convince herself, but with every passing second that sentence seemed more and more like a falsehood. You just need to find the counterspell and use it. If it has one... Please let it have one.

She quickly stepped out into the hall, looking through her shelves of different books and novels, mostly fantasy and science. Old Equestrian, Old Equestrian... She searched and searched for her textbooks on Old Equestrian, but they were no where in sight. Spike, I swear, if you lost them, right now of all times.. Twilight turned back to the staircase and heading back up into her study. She breathed a sigh of relief, seeing them sprawled up under her desk. Thank Celestia...

She reached down, grabbing the thick books them and bring them up onto her desk. She opened it up to the first page, reading as quickly as she could. Even for a bookworm like her, this was going to take a while.

*004*2018-03-03 01:16

Twilight legs bounced, one crossed over the other and a hand unconsciously holding the slight bulge forming on her stomach. Her hands were beginning to cramp up from flipping through so many pages, and the lower half of her body had begun tingling from sitting down for so long.

It has to be in here. She flipped back and forth between two pages, looking through the M's and L's. She breathed a sigh of relief as her eyes wandered onto the spell. Or, at least, one part of it.

Leacht: liquid

Alright, getting somewhere. She flipped to the next page, almost immediately spotting the next word.

Lamhnán: lock

"Yes, finally!" Twilight jumped up from her desk with joy, only to yelp as a sharp stab slashed through her bladder. She doubled over, her hands pressing into her crotch.

L- Let's not do that again. She slowly raised herself back up, heading over to the stack of books a few steps away from her desk. She grabbed the first one off the top, looking at the title and assuring it was a spell book.

Twilight paced back and forwards as she opened it, flipping immediately to the L's. Almost immediately, she spotted the spell she was looking for.

Liquid lock: Leacht lamhnán

Locks liquid in place in whatever container or on whatever surface it may be.

Danger: 1

Difficulty: 3

Cost: low

Usage: situational

Duration: dependant on the amount of magic used. One, three, five, or even seven days are most commonly reported, seven being a high magic cost while one being the lowest.

Counterspell: None

Are you kidding? Twilight growled in frustration. It's such a simple spell, how can't it have a counterspell?!

She frowned, setting the book back down on the desk. I need to get Pinkie. She can take me to where she found it. Twilight turned around, heading towards her bed. Her clothes had been set in a neat little stack on the floor beside her bed. Nothing extraordinary- a short-sleeved, button-up light purple shirt, a decently long dark purple skirt, with a star at the bottom right of the cloth. She meant to wear it yesterday, but it would work for now.

Twilight took hold of the bottom of her tank top pulling it over her head but making sure not to snag it on her bra. She pulled the shirt on, putting her arms through to their proper positions and buttoning it up to her chest, right above her navel. Next, she pulled down her pj's, kicking them away and stepping into her skirt, pulling it up onto her waist and buttoning them up. It pressed against her bladder slightly, but if all went according to plan, she wouldn't be uncomfortable for much longer.

She went to kneel to get her shoes out from beneath her bed, but with the button already paining her so, she decided to use her magic instead. She slipped on her small, black and purple tennis shoes. She'd have preferred to just wear her loafers, but she figured they wouldn't be very helpful for hiking out into the Everfree Forest.

Twilight combed her messy hair, trying to straighten it as much as she could. She would've washed it, but she figured she'd just take a shower once she came back. No need to take one if she was just going to probably be muddy and sweaty when she got back.

She quickly walked down the staircase, heading towards her front door and pushing it open, stepping out into the windy, warm air. What wonders a breath of fresh air could do!

Sugarcube Corner was only a quick walk from her library. She felt good enough to jog, but she feared that her bladder might have disagreed with her if she tried. Even if she couldn't physically go at the moment, she still didn't want the pain.

Hopefully, she's not too busy. Twilight headed towards Town Square. There weren't too many people out, just a few quiet passersby.

She turned to her right, following the sidewalk as she came upon the Sugarcube Corner. Pinkie was already outside, a small, white backpack hanging on her right shoulder, covered in stickers of rainbows and sun's, and the straps holding it together tied with strings of confetti. She wore a pink knitted sweater, with some old blue jeans, ripped along the knees and legs, with brown boots reaching halfway up her shins. A small grin spread across her face as she noticed her.

"Hi, Twi!"

"Hey, Pinkie..." Her eyes wondered to her backpack. "Is everything alright?"

"Oh, it's wonderful! Mr. and Mrs. Cake got a special order from Fillydelphia this morning. Since the twins' birthday are so close, they figured that we could just stay there a couple of days and celebrate. Isn't that great?!"

"Y- Yeah, Pinkie." Another pang from her bladder had interrupted her. They were getting more frequent.

Her friend's smile dimmed slightly, taking a step closer.

"Hey, you alright? You don't sound too good."

"Mmhm, sorry. I think I'm catching a cold." Twilight hated lying, especially to her friends. But she was too embarrassed to admit her mistake. Not to mention that Rainbow Dash would never let her live it down.

"Okay..." Pinkie said, almost suspicious of her.

"Do you remember where you found that spell yesterday? I want to see if I can find anything else."

She paused for a moment, staring upwards as she thought. "Hm... You'd have to ask Fluttershy. I know where it is, just... Not how to explain how to get to it. I'd show you, but I really need to get to the train station."

"That's fine." Twilight forced a smile. "H-Have fun."

"Bye! Hope you feel better!" Pinkie quickly stepped past her.

This is getting bad... Beads of sweat rolled down her temples. She clutched her stomach, her heart dropping. Calm down... It's okay, you still have Fluttershy to turn to. Just need to get to her cottage and you'll be good.

Please be there...

*006*2018-03-10 06:15

Twilight walked down the quiet dirt road towards Fluttershy's cottage, trying to ignore the growing bump on her stomach. To anyone else, it was almost invisible- what with the cotton shirt hiding most of the bulge, but to Twilight, it was getting to be an all too familiar feeling.

She headed up to the front steps of the cottage, walking up onto the porch and up to the door. "Please be home." Twilight breathed before knocking twice.

A few moments of silence passed, before a quiet, "C- Coming!" rang through the door. She grinned. Thank you, thank you...

The doorknob twisted and turned before a quiet click sounded as the door unlocked and opened. Fluttershy poked half her face out, her long hair rolling down her shoulder. She placed a hand on the side of the door.

"Oh, T-Twi," She smiled politely. "I t-thought that you'd be home today. Pinkie said she brought you that paper she found. Not- Not that I mind, of course!" Fluttershy corrected herself, her voice shaky.

"Hey. Do you mind if I come in?" Twilight took a step forward. "I need to talk to you about something."

"Um..." Fluttershy gasped suddenly, freezing in place. Her hand moved off the door. "S- Sure. Just- c-come in." She weakly smiled, stepping away from the door.

She's acting weird... She noted, stepping inside. Right as she entered the quaint little home, her friend plopped down on her little green couch, crossing one leg over the other. A few empty bottles of water sat beside her, accompanied by an empty white mug. Pink pajama pants sat at the side of the couch, which Angel Bunny was currently using as a small bed.

Fluttershy wore a tight green blouse that showed off her shoulders and petite chest, and jean shorts that were a few inches up her knees, with a brown leather belt through the loops around the waist, pulled as tight as it would go, and her wings were somewhat stiff. Try as she might to completely fold them, they refused to budge. Never in a million years would she have thought she'd have seen one of her shiest and most reserved friends in something so... Revealing. She was almost blushing.

"Excuse the mess, please. I didn't know you were coming, or I would've cleaned." Fluttershy meekly said. Her face and ears had become beet red. "Or- Or made myself presentable..."

"Don't worry about it." Twilight smiled, trying to save her friend from being embarrassed. "How was your Hearth's Warming? I'd guess staying with Rainbow Dash's family for the holidays was interesting."

"Fine," Fluttershy replied plainly. Her knees bounced in place, both her hands pressed into her lap. "H-Her and her dad managed to finish off a keg of apple cider before they passed out. Slept through Hearth's Warming." She giggled quietly. "Mrs. Dash was nice."

That really doesn't help right now. Twilight tried not to think about it, both because of the cider and the fact that she'd probably laugh if she thought of it a moment more.

"Where'd they get it?"

"She... Erm... 'Borrowed' it from AJ."

"I can't imagine that'll go over well."

"Mmhm." Fluttershy nodded, though there was a quick, yet clear flash of pain in her eyes before she corrected it.

"Are you feeling okay?"

"Fine, I'm fine!" She blurted out, her flushed face spreading to her ears. "Is- Is there something you needed?"

What is wrong with this day?! Can things just be normal again?!

"I was just wondering if you would take me to where Pinkie found that spell. Turns out it wasn't the full thing."

"Um..." She hesitated for a moment, before nodding. "Yes. I just need to change out this shirt." Fluttershy rocked in her seat for a moment, before standing up quickly. Her knees clamped together, a hand pressing against her crotch. Clearly embarrassed, she rushed back to her room, almost slamming the door shut.

She's hiding something. Twilight stood up, a devious thought popping into the back of her head. I do know a spell or two that'll let me see what she's doing... She let her mind wander for a moment, to the more... Er... "Dirty" parts of Twilight's psyche. She did look pretty cute in that outfit... Wonder if she's changing...

No, bad Twilight! She mentally smacked herself. You're lucky she's even helping you, don't you even think about it! She sat back down, though the sight of her friend's slender body in the tight outfit still remained in her head. Thank Celestia this spell doesn't affect thinking... My stupid libido... I don't even think I've mastur- She blushed deeply. Even when just speaking to herself, it was an embarrassing topic. T... Touched myself since before the holidays.

Twilight had planned to just lounge around the library while Spike was gone, perhaps "relieve" some built up stress while she had the house to herself. Yet, thanks to the spell(and her foolish mistake), her plans had been thrown out of the window. Now with all this damned excitement... She huffed through her nose, frustrated.

"Uhm... T-Twi?

She turned up to her friend. Fluttershy had changed into a loose-fitting white t-shirt. The shirt had rips and tears along the stomach and was at least two sizes too big for the small woman. She still had on the same jeans, but she had taken off the belt. She headed to the side of the couch, slipping into her black tennis-shoes.

"I'm ready to go when you are." She said, her thighs still pressed together tightly. Twilight nodded, shaking away some awfully evil thoughts before standing.

"Let's go."

*008*2018-03-18 19:21

"Hello, Ms. Juniper. How's Pia?"

A bird chirped incessantly as Fluttershy and Twi passed beneath its nest. Will these animals ever shut up...

Perhaps it was, the, her libido, her bladder, or a combination of the two, but something had put Twilight in a foul mood.

"Good. Remember- only worms for her, no more of those berries, not for a while." She turned to continue her conversation with the Bluejay as if she had done it a million times before. Despite her shyness with Twilight before, the pair both knew that she thrived in nature, strange behavior or otherwise.

"So, where'd you and Pinkie find it?" Twilight interjected before another of Fluttershy's little creatures could.

"Uh, y- yes, just up ahead." She pointed towards a tree, larger than any building in Ponyville. "I'm not entirely sure I saw another piece of paper."

"We'll find it. Now we know what we're looking for."

"I guess so..." She spoke softly, interlacing her fingers and placing her hands on her stomach.

The pair headed up to the oak tree silently. Fluttershy took charge, stepping onto one of the large roots sticking out of the ground. She balanced herself for a moment, before going to the next one.

"P- Pinkie found it in a little dent in the tree, up at the top." Fluttershy stood straight up and looked up to a big branch of the tree, certainly strong enough to support an average-sized person or two. "She was trying to get a better view of where Angel had gone when she spotted it."

"Is it anywhere nearby?" She looked around, trying to spot the cave, but to no avail.

"Mmhm, it's just hard to spot on the ground." She slowly set herself down, a loud gasp escaping her and her thighs pressing together and bending over slightly. Twilight raised an eyebrow, entirely confused.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes." She almost shouted, straightening her posture. "I think it's just up ahead." Flutter jogged up to a tangled mess of vines and bushes, pretending as if nothing had happened.

She's gonna have to tell eventually.

She quickly walked up behind her. "So, is this it."

"Mmhm." She mumbled, making her way through the treacherous bushes. Twilight held her skirt up slightly, making sure it didn't catch on any stems or branches. Maybe jeans would've been a better idea... At least I wouldn't have to worry about those tearing.

She forced her way through to the other side, gasping as her friend grabbed her by her arm. "Careful."

"Why-"

A large pit sat beneath them, sunken five or six feet into the ground. A fall tall enough to surely break a foot or two.

"Thanks..." She glanced over at her friend, Fluttershy nodded, opening her wings and gliding down into the pit, heading towards the cave. Twi quickly followed suit, sitting down on the edge of the pit, climbing down to the ground below. She headed over to the steeper part, beginning to notice the cave her friends had told her about.

The inside had mostly been filled in with soil and dead leaves, but there were a few odd spots where decrepit pieces of wood stuck out of the ground, with even a desk somehow still standing at the front of the cave.

"She found it like this. The note was right in front of the desk."

"Odd..." She placed a hand on the table, brushing over the rough exterior. It certainly had seen better days. "Did you check the drawers?"

"No, sorry."

"It's okay." Twilight stepped to the front of the desk. The desk had five small drawers; two small ones at each side, and one wide one at the center, right under the counter of the desk, all with brass handles. She opened the one at the center with relative ease, spotting a small notepad.

"Do you mind checking this out?" She held it up to Fluttershy.

"Sure." Fluttershy carefully took it from Twi.

"Let me know if you see anything with the word, 'leacht,' on it. L-E-A-C-H-T."

"Alright." She flipped it open, beginning to read over it.

Twilight turned her attention back to the desk, opening the top-left drawer, only to find it empty. She moved to the bottom-left, yet, it too was empty. Come on, have something for me. She turned to the right side, trying to open the top-right, only managing to crack it open.

You little... She took hold of the handle with both hands, tugging back on it. She dug her heels into the dirt, pulling with all her might.

CRACK

She flung back, ramming back-first into the wall of the cave, the back of her head colliding with the hard stone. She hissed, grabbing her head.

"Twilight!" Flutters quickly ran over to aid her fallen friend. "Are you okay?!"

"Ow... Yeah, I think..." She opened her right eye, looking down towards her right hand. Her fingers were locked onto the brass handle, previously attached to the desk. She glared at the desk, a cloud of her magic slowly surrounding the remaining drawers. With little grace our care, her magic jerked the drawers out of their proper places, placing them on top of the desk.

"There..." Twilight grunted as she stood, glancing over to Fluttershy. Her friend stood at her side, her hands locked around the notepad and her knees shaking.

"Don't worry, I'm not mad at you." She assured her worried companion. "Let's just find what we need to and go."

"Okay..." She said, her voice a mere whisper.

Twilight headed over to the desk, looking into the drawer that had troubled her so, her eyes widening as she gasped.

A small sheet of old papyrus had been folded sat inside, with a number of spells written on it. Her keen eyes almost immediately spotted the spell she was looking for, hidden in the center of the page.

Leacht Scaoil

"Oh, thank Celestia." She hugged it tightly to her chest, carefully folding the paper and tucking it into a pocket of her skirt. "Thanks, Fl..." She voice lowered, seeing her friend doubled her over.

Fluttershy was leaning against the cave wall, her legs were crossed, with her right leg halfway over the other, almost double-crossing over the other. Both her hands clenched against her crotch. She moaned quietly, though Twilight couldn't exactly make out whether it was from pleasure, pain, or both. Her face was contorted into a mixed grimace, straining as she held herself in the position. Twilight read over every detail, not being able to get enough of her friend seemingly trying to rile her up today.

"No...!" She forced her hands to her side, shakily uncrossed her legs, and stood up straight. Her head turned upwards, only to be met with a stunned Twilight. "I- it's... Um..." She lowered back down, her face burrowing deep into her hair. Twilight did nothing to try and ease her worries, too engrossed with lewd thoughts to even attempt to.

She stared at her for a moment longer, not even realizing it. The mixture of serotonin and dopamine rushing through her had begun to cloud her judgment, not even giving a thought to how she looked or what her friend might think of her. She had always read about it in books, both in science novels and romance, yet she never thought she'd experience it herself.

"T- Twilight?"

She snapped back to reality, blinking a few times before she turned back to her friend. She was back in Equestria, even if she was only tethered there by a thread.

"Wha- What's wrong?"

She remained silent for a moment, her knees shaking. "I..." Her knees knocked together for a moment before she forced them back up. "I need to..." A spasm went through her arms, almost instinctively moving to her crotch. "I need to pee." She finally admitted, her knees buckling and falling with her other the dirt. "So b-uh-" A quiet hissing sound emanated from her, but only for a split second before it stopped. "B-Badly."

"How long have you been holding it?" She questioned but regretted it almost instantly. What kind of question is that?! Be a good friend and help her! The rational side of her mind commanded, yet both her lips and her body refused to move to correct herself.

"Since Pinkie and I found that note." She hissed, gasping as she bent over. Twilight's heart raced, her throat becoming dry as she tried to remember to breathe.

Why is that so... Exciting?

"Could you help me back to the cottage?"

She stared down at her friend, her knees going weak for a moment. She wouldn't make it back to the cottage by herself...

A small grin spread across her face. How easy it'd to just teleport a few feet away and watch while wets herself.

Yet, Twilight couldn't bring herself to do that. As needy as she may have been, she wasn't going to be needlessly cruel.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes." She whimpered, her voice straining as she held the floodgates closed.

"Why've you held it so long?"

"I-I... Never got the chance to."

She stared at her cowering friend. Fluttershy had never been a good liar, especially not with people she cares about.

"You know I can tell when you're lying."

"Can you just help me?" She pled.

"Alriiiiight..." Twilight sighed, encasing her friend in magic and lifting her up onto solid ground, quickly following suit. "But you'll really have to tell me after we're done."

"Fine, just- help me to the cottage." Fluttershy stood up, hobbling back through the bushes. Twilight made sure to step in front of her, purposely walking slowly.

The pair took a quick walk back to the cottage, with Fluttershy having to stop every few steps to assure she would be dry by the time they got back. As soon as the house came into sight, Fluttershy dashed for the back door. Twilight followed behind, but by the time she had gotten back to the living room, Fluttershy had made it to the bathroom. A loud hissing noise seeped through the wall, yet it didn't bother Twilight as much as she thought it would.

Two or three minutes passed before the stream finally slowed to a stop. Another minute before the toilet flushed, and her friend slowly slinked out of the bathroom, her face as red as a tomato.

"I'm so sorry..." She quickly apologized. "I- I didn't mean to drag you into this. I understand if you're uncomfortable. You can just take this and go." Fluttershy held up the notepad she had received, slowly walking up to her.

"What's this, exactly?" Twilight asked. Somehow, her face managed to get redder, her eyes clenching shut.

"Isn't... Isn't it obvious?"

Twilight shrugged, though she knew exactly what it was.

"I like..."

"Like what?"

Fluttershy sighed. "I like... h-holding it."

"Ah."

She nodded. "I k-know it's weird..."

The grin on her face disappeared once she heard a shaky breath rip through her friend. A tear ran down her cheek.

"I- I understand if you don't wanna be friends with me after this... I should've just kept it to myself."

"What?" Twilight questioned, almost breathless. She quickly rushed up to her friend, wrapping her arms around her and pulling her close for a hug. "Don't speak like that. Of course, I still want to be friends."

"Why?" She asked, her voice choked as she fought back the urge to cry. "It's unnatural- strange. I-I made you join in on the hold without even asking you first..."

"Flutters, nothing would mess up our friendship, especially not something as small as this." Twilight brought her head back up to look her in the eyes. "To be honest, I kinda... Er... L-Liked seeing you like that." She blushed. Fluttershy stared at her, almost in shock.

"... Really?"

"You were cute."

"..."

"I could help you if you want," Twilight interjected. "That spell I found- it holds liquid in place for whatever amount of time I want, no matter where it's placed. Even in your bladder."

She stared at her friend for a moment.

"Only if you want to. We'll just forget this happened if you don't like it. I'll never tell anyone, Pinkie Promise."

The pair became silent for a moment before Fluttershy stood.

"Is... Is it safe?"

"As far as I know. I'm pretty sure I have a counterspell for it if the need arises."

She became quiet for a moment, before subtly nodding. "Okay..."

"You're sure?"

Fluttershy took a breath, before nodding again. "Mmhm."

"Alright. I'll come back tomorrow morning, then we'll start." She smiled. "I'd stay the night, but I should really look over all these spells."

"Okay. Goodnight."

Twilight turned around, heading out. An orange glow had cast over her, the sun beginning to set. She quickly headed home, excited for the day to come.

