Desperation Documentary

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-18 02:37

I wrote this story in the form of a documentary. Like those nature of history documentaries you watch, this is the same concept but with desperation. Enjoy! And as always, while this story is the most clean I have ever written, it obviously does involve urine and desperation, so read this only if you want to. 🙂

The narration in this story is told from the perspective of an actual narrator, like one that would narrate a documentary. Try and imagine a deep voice as you read this! Lol

Hello and welcome. In life, there are many great mysteries from the creation of the universe to the earthquakes that form the mountains to the depths of the sea and even deep space. Today, we shall explore one of these mysteries. So join us as today, we explore the mystery… Of urinary desperation.

Meet the woman who we shall be following around today. We shall call her Lacie. Lacie is a twenty-seven year old female with fair skin, long chocolate colored hair, eyes the color of springtime leaves, and an average sized urinary bladder.

Lacie is now sound asleep. Bring, bring. Bring, bring. Hear that? That is the alarm Lacie uses to wake up in the morning. The noise helps Lacie stir from her slumber until she is fully awake.

Watch as Lacie struggled to push the covers away and climbed to her feet. Lacie attempts to place her slippers over her feet. But due to the sleepiness in her eyes, it is very difficult. Lacie is finally on her feet.

Lacie stumbles across the floor and begins rummaging through her drawers. It is time for Lacie to pick an outfit for the day. Lacie is not particularly fussy, as you will see. She eventually settles on a pair of jeans and long-sleeve pink shirt. Lacie decided to include a belt with this attire. Lacie also grabs a light blue pair of undergarments and a gray sports bra, as it is comfortable and functional. Lastly, Lacie chooses a pair of white wool socks.

Now, with clothing in hand, Lacie stumbles to her bathroom. Observe as Lacie turns on the shower and tosses her clothing carelessly onto the floor. Lacie strips from her night clothes and climbs into the shower.

Lacie slowly begins to awaken as warm pellets of water drop down over her fair skin. Lacie begins scrubbing herself head to toe, first with water, then with soap. Lacie then processes to take out the shampoo bottle and get to work scrubbing up her hair. Lacie does this to make her hair stronger and shiner. This is Lacie’s process of getting clean and resembling a clean human being.

As she scrubs her hair, Lacie notices a feeling down in her abdomen area that she has felt since waking up. And as Lacie becomes more awake, the pressure in her abdomen increases as well. Not wanting to waste time climbing from the shower, Lacie decides to save both time and water. Watch as Lacie relaxes her pelvis and allows the pressure to decrease. Observe as liquid the color of gold fails from in between Lacie’s groin. The golden liquid begins to roll down Lacie’s legs and finally collects on the floor of the shower before getting washed down the drain.

Lacie’s abdomen feels better, as does Lacie. Lacie finishes her shower and wraps herself in a towel.

After getting properly dried off, Lacie gets dressed in her clothing options for the day and goes downstairs.

Lacie walks down the street with her black purse slung over her shoulder. Lacie has now added black high heels and a black vest to her attire. Lacie looks like a proper business woman. While Lacie’s work does not follow a dress code, their employees must look their best, so Lacie decides to wear something similar to that of her colleagues.

Before work, Lacie stops in her favorite coffee shop. Lacie is prepared to order her usual, when the lady behind the counter informs her that they have recently added a pumpkin flavored latte to their menu. Notice how Lacie’s mouth water. Lacie loves the taste of pumpkin related products. She eagerly orders a pumpkin latte.

Lacie sits at a table, scrolling through Instagram on her cell phone, while sipping her latte. The latte is so good, that Lacie finds herself ordering another and a third after that. As she finishes her final latte, Lacie checks her emails on her cell phone. Lacie receives an email that there was a minor flood in her place of work and the women’s restroom is closed for the rest of the day, and possibly tomorrow.

Lacie immediately decides that shall not be a problem for her. She had already urinated in the shower and her bladder was a decent size. Lacie would be okay.

Lacie checked the time on her cell phone and discovered that she was running late for her bus. Lacie quickly drank down her remaining latte, grabbed her purse, and rushed towards the bus stop.

Lacie rides the bus and eventually makes it to her place of work. Lacie walks into the building and takes the elevator to the second floor where her cubicle is located. Lacie waves and smiles at the people she passes, acting friendly and kind. But in actuality, Lacie does not care about any of them and wishes they would all leave her alone.

Lacie makes it to her cubicle. She takes a bottle of water out of her purse and takes a large swallow from it. Lacie then turns on her computer and begins working.

Little known to Lacie, inside her body at this very moment, her kidneys are working hard to filter all of the blood in her body. And these bean shaped organs must work extra hard as they are currently forced to process all of those lattes Lacie drank for breakfast.

Lacie continues to sip her water, completely oblivious to the effects of all those coffees taking place in her body right now.

Lacie has finished several letters and the clock is slowly moving. Lacie has been at work for an hour already. Lacie truly does not want to be here. Lacie finds that every Monday morning, she is the least motivated and unfocused. This is likely the reason she felt the need to drink so many coffees this morning.

Inside Lacie’s body right now, the kidneys have accomplished their feet of filtering Lacie’s blood and have successfully transformed the coffee Lacie drank into that similar golden liquid you may recognize from earlier in this documentary. This golden liquid goes by many names. Wee, whiz, tinkle, piss, golden water, liquid waste, piddle, urine, the most common of these names, however, is pee.

Observe as the pee created by Lacie’s kidneys travel down two long tubes, one branching off of each kidney. These tubes are commonly known as ureters. The ureters main function it to bring the pee created by the kidneys to the urinary bladder. The urinary bladder is a sack located in the pelvis that holds pee until it is ready to be expelled from the body in a process commonly known as, urination.

The pee flows down Lacie’s ureters and makes its way down to her urinary bladder. Urine slowly trickles into the urinary bladder. In the average healthy adult, one drop of urine enters the bladder every ten to fifteen seconds. In Lacie’s case however, she has a lot more urine entering her bladder. You see, coffee or lattes are commonly known as ‘a diuretic’. Diuretics include alcohol and coffee substances. These substances cause the body to need to urinate more frequently and often at a more urgent level. And with all the coffee Lacie had consumed this morning, her kidneys are filtering out extra waste from Lacie’s blood and creating an extra amount of urine.

Notice how at this moment, Lacie’s bladder stretches and expands. Lacie’s bladder must grow larger than it normally is to accumulate room for all of the urine it is about to receive. Lacie’s bladder, once the size of a pear, has now grown in size. Pee has collected in Lacie’s bladder and is forming a small lake.

As soon as Lacie’s bladder becomes one-third of the way full of pee, stretch receptors in Lacie’s body send a message up her spinal cord and to her brain, alerting Lacie’s brain of the added pressure in her pelvis. This is the body’s way of letting one know when they should start searching for a restroom to alleviate this pressure.

Let us check back in on Lacie. Lacie has felt the first urge to micturate. Lacie’s body is letting her know that she should visit a washroom in the near future. Lacie sadly remembers the email she received this morning in the coffee shop. The ladies’ room is out of order until further notice. Lacie fears this may be a problem down the line. She sets down her half empty water bottle and decides to take it easy on the liquids for a while.

Another hour ticks by. Lacie’s bladder has swollen dramatically in size. Every minute, more urine adds to the volume already in Lacie’s bladder. At this moment, Lacie makes her first sign of needing a restroom. Notice how Lacie begins to tap her foot against the ground impatiently. Lacie then begins to bounce her leg up and down. These are the first signs one gives when they are getting to a point where they urgently need to release the pressure of their full urinary bladder.

Yet another hour flies by and Lacie has shown another sign of needing the restroom. Notice how Lacie crosses her legs. Lacie holds one leg over the other and as the moments pass by, she squeezes her legs together tightly.

Another hour has passed and observe as Lacie grabs at her crotch. She is not doing it frequently, only one grab every few minutes or so. But as the hours pass and the desperation increases, we shall see Lacie grabbing at her crotch much more often.

Lacie has now made it four hours after the first urge has hit. However, Lacie still has five hours left of work. Lacie begins to feel frantic, knowing that she may not be able to hold it for much longer.

Lacie has finally gotten the idea to check out the ladies’ restroom. Perhaps the damage is not as severe as the email made her believe. Perhaps, Lacie could even enter to quickly relieve herself.

Lacie climbs to her feet and stumbles down the hall of the office. Lacie has to grab at her crotch much more often now. It is her body’s way to help her hold back all the fluid that is building inside her urinary bladder. Lacie is highly embarrassed to be walking around like this. She hopes that no one will see her.

Lacie finally makes it to the ladies’ room and she notices the door is closed and caution tape it over the door. A sign hangs from the door, reading ‘Out of Order’. Desperate now, Lacie decides to try anyway. Lacie grabs the knob of the door and shakes it, but it does not budge. The door to the ladies’ lavatory is locked tight. Lacie notices with dread that she is standing in a large puddle of water.

Despite wearing high heels, Lacie feels as if the water on the floor is soaking into her body, making the urge to urinate much, much worse. Lacie grabs herself and gets another idea. Lacie knows this idea is wrong, but she also knows that desperate times call for desperate measures.

Lacie makes her way slowly over to the men’s lavatory. Lacie opens the door only slightly, only enough to take a peek inside. Lacie cannot simply go in out of fear the men’s room is packed with male occupants and they might get upset at Lacie using their restroom. Unfortunately for Lacie, her fears come true as she sees several men inside the restroom. Most are at the urinals while a few wash their hands and a couple are even inside the stalls. Lacie quickly backs out and makes her way back to her cubicle where she sits at her desk and crosses her legs tightly.

Two more hours pass and Lacie is doing much worse than before. The pressure inside Lacie’s bladder has grown tremendously. Lacie now has to squirm around on her seat to help ease the pressure and keep back the growing flood inside her urinary bladder.

Speaking of, if we take a peek inside Lacie’s body, we can see that her urinary bladder is over two-thirds of the way full. If you recall, the average healthy adult feels the need to urinate when their bladder reaches one-third. Lacie is now holding back double that amount. This is a lot of pressure for a human being to hold.

Checking back in on Lacie, you may notice that Lacie has her legs tightly crossed with her toes pointing outwards. You may also notice that Lacie is now uncrossing her legs and crossing her legs once more. Lacie switches her legs back and forth. She first crosses the left leg over the right, then switches and crosses the right over the left. Lacie keeps making these movements as it makes her more comfortable and slightly less stressed out.

You may have also realized that beads of sweat are dripping from Lacie’s forehead. Holding in this massive amount of urine is taking its toll on Lacie’s body. In an attempt to respond to this pressure, Lacie’s body creates perspiration.

Watch as Lacie moves up and down the length of her seat. Notice as she grabs a hold of her knees and pulls them towards her chest. Making these fidgeting movements helps Lacie to hold in her urine. Making these motions allows Lacie’s body to decrease the pressure slightly as she adds more strength to her pelvic floor, allowing it to hold. These movements you see Lacie making are often known as ‘the potty dance’ or sometimes, ‘the pee pee dance’. ‘The potty dance’ gets its name from how little children often call a toilet ‘a potty’, and children - having a smaller bladder than an adult - have to urinate much more frequently and at a more urgent level. Due to this, children are often seen doing ‘the potty dance’, for a toilet which they refer to as ‘a potty’. Hence the name.

Lacie can no longer concentrate on her work. The pressure inside her bladder is too great and too distracting. Lacie attempts to distract herself with work, however, it is no use. She can barely type on her keyboard as her hands are too busy digging into her crotch.

Lacie strongly regrets wearing her belt as the belt is pressing down on her urinary bladder and making her urge worse. Lacie has often had to adjust and move her belt around to take a little bit of the pressure off her swollen up urinary bladder.

Now, watch as a man approaches Lacie. This man is known as ‘Lacie’s boss’. He is in charge of this work place - and by extension - its workers, such as Lacie. Naturally, Lacie must please her boss and get him to be on her good side, or else she risks losing a job.

@@Observe as Lacie’s boss strikes up a conversation with her. He asks Lacie how her work is coming along and if she will meet the deadline. Lacie confirms that she will. Her boss notices Lacie’s shaking and comments on it. Notice as Lacie’s face turns red. She is highly embarrassed for anyone, in particular, her boss to know how badly she needs the restroom. Lacie plays off her need as being overly tired. Lacie is unsure if her boss believes her. Her boss then asks about what she did over the weekend. Lacie reluctantly tells him as well as asks what he did himself. Notice how Lacie is making small talk. Lacie silently wishes her boss would leave, but she must play nice and pretend to care about his life. As their conversation finally comes to a close, Lacie sucks up her courage and asks her boss if there is another restroom in the two-story building. Lacie quickly adds on that it is not for her, but some of her female coworkers were asking about this. This is a lie Lacie has told in order to cover up how desperate she is herself and to save her from the humiliation she will surely experience should her boss know her serious situation. Lacie’s boss tells her that sadly, there are only two restrooms in the whole building - male and female. However, for the next couple days, until the spill is cleaned up and the ladies’ restroom repaired, the female workers are entitled to use the men’s washroom. Lacie’s boss leaves.

Lacie is overjoyed that she has literally gotten permission form the boss to use the men’s restroom. Lacie stands, and just that little swift movement has added pressure to Lacie’s pelvis. Lacie suddenly hesitates. Her boss may have granted her permission to use the men’s lavatory, but Lacie fears the men inside the washroom may still be upset. Lacie knows she would not like it very much if a man entered the women's room. Lacie does not want to intrude on the men’s privacy. Plus, she does not think she would be comfortable going in there anyway. Lacie decides that if the pressure gets too out of hand and she starts to lose control, then, and only then will she use the men’s washroom. After all, Lacie only has two and a half hours left of work at this point, and she has held it this long. Lacie is fully confident in her bladder’s abilities to hold.

The hours seem to move very slowly as Lacie’s desperation grows. Lacie is truly uncomfortable now. Even squirming in her seat, toe tapping, bouncing her leg, grabbing her groin area, crossing and uncrossing her legs, none of these strategies help anymore.

Lacie’s mind slips and she remembers the puddle outside the ladies’ room she stood in earlier today. Lacie also remembers those three cups of coffee she drank and her half a water bottle. Lastly, Lacie recalls how she urinated freely in the shower this morning. Lacie wishes she could do that again. But Lacie is still fighting her body, keeping all the fluid packed inside.

Let us check back inside Lacie’s body, shall we? Lacie’s urinary bladder now holds over four hundred milliliters (1.69 cups) of liquid waste that is attempting to push past Lacie’s urinary sphincter and come out. On the topic of the urinary sphincter, let us check in on it. The urinary sphincter - located under the urinary bladder - has the function to remain closed when holding in urine. The urinary sphincter is closed tightly, preventing any leakage from Lacie’s overfilled urinary bladder. With that said, the urinary sphincter of Lacie, is under severe stress as it is forced to hold back nearly one and a half cups of urine.

At long last, Lacie notices the time and realizes it is time to leave. Lacie scrambled to her feet and picks up her purse. While making her way through the office, Lacie passes the men’s room. It is nearly after hours at this point. Lacie debates if she should do as her boss instructed and visit a cubicle inside the men’s washroom. While attempting to make a decision, Lacie sees a male coworker enter the men’s restroom. Despite it being allowed for Lacie to use the men’s room, Lacie does not wish to weird out any of the men inside and make them feel uncomfortable. Lacie would also be uncomfortable using the men’s lavatory. Lacie once again tells herself that she will be okay. Lacie is sure she can reach home in time. Keeping her legs crossed as she walks, Lacie makes her way to the elevator and out of the building.

Lacie arrives at the bus stop just as the bus pulls up. Lacie stumbles aboard and takes a seat in the back row.

As the bus drives on, Lacie is forced to sit with her knees to her chest and her hands in her genitals. The bus is nearly empty. Lacie chose this seating in the back so she would not be seen and she could ‘potty dance’ more freely. Lacie severely hopes no one turns their head and notices her bizarre movements.

If you will turn your attention towards Lacie’s stomach, you may have noticed that Lacie’s stomach is larger than it was this morning. This is the result of Lacie’s overfilled urinary bladder and all the urine it is holding onto. Lacie’s bladder is now so filled with pee, that it has to stretch itself to become larger than it usually is. As a result, Lacie’s stomach appears bloated as her bladder pushes and expands outwards.

Lacie once again has to move her belt aside to give her bladder bulge more room to move around. The more free her bladder bulge is, the better Lacie feels.

Speaking of Lacie’s bladder bulge, let us check in on her bladder again. As you will notice, Lacie’s bladder is much larger than the last time we left it. There is much more urine inside as well. Lacie’s bladder now contains nearly five hundred milliliters of urine. That is equivalent to 2.11 cups. For reference, this is the normal capacity of the female bladder. While the male bladder sits at around seven hundred milliliters or 2.96 cups. Lacie, however is slightly above average for women. Lacie’s bladder captivity - how much her bladder can hold - is 550 mLs or 2.32 cups. This means, fifty milliliters more and Lacie may have an embarrassing accident to deal with.

Back to Lacie, Lacie is once again perspiring. Sweat is now rolling down Lacie’s forehead and pooling on the surface of her palms.

As the bus nears Lacie’s street, Lacie gets more and more excited. Lacie is eager to rush into her house, enter her bathroom, pull down her jeans, and urinate into the toilet. Lacie can nearly already hear the sound of her stream. Lacie grunts under her breath. Thinking of urination is disastrous when your bladder is this full. Lacie once again recalls how lovely it felt to urinate into her shower this morning. Lacie remembered the warm water falling down on her skin and the feeling of relieving herself as urine dribbled down her legs.

Lacie suddenly feels that very same warmth. Lacie groans and quickly grabs and squeezes her nether regions. The front of Lacie’s jeans has grown slightly damp. Lacie’s jeans now have a golf ball sized wet patch on the front where her urethra is located. The urethra, of course, being the tube that carries urine from the body. Lacie realizes with a horrific shook that her bladder leaked a bit of urine. Lacie also realizes that her jeans now have a foul odor to them. Lacie’s jeans smell of urine. Despite only letting a little out, with all the coffee she drank, and given how long her urine had sat in her bladder collecting bacteria, Lacie’s urine smelled of coffee and other foul odors.

At long last, the bus came to a stop. Lacie made it to her feet and went down the aisle. Lacie kept her purse in front of her jeans so no one would notice her wet spot. Lacie did her best to walk normally, however she often had to pause for a second or two and cross her legs tightly.

Lacie finally managed to scramble out of the bus and began her two minute walk home. Lacie soon passed the coffee shop which reminded her of all that coffee she drank earlier today. Lacie began to have hope, thinking she could simply use the bathroom in the coffee shop. However, the coffee shop closed at four in the afternoon and it was now six. Lacie kept going.

Fortunately, there was no one out tonight to notice Lacie’s desperate walk. Lacie at long last saw her home in view. As she stumbled along, Lacie shuffled her legs and dug her hand into her purse, fishing out her keys. This would save Lacie time once she finally got to her house.

Lacie made it down the path and up the steps. Lacie nearly tripped in her heels. It was highly difficult to walk, do a potty dance, and climb steps all in uncomfortable high heels.

Lacie grabbed the railing to steady herself and she made it upon the porch. Lacie had to dig her free hand into her crotch as she struggled to get her key into the lock. At long last,

Lacie’s bronze key was inside the door knob and Lacie heard a satisfying, click.

Lacie pushes the door open and charges inside. She flicks on the lights, closes the door, throws her purse down, kicks off her uncomfortable high heels, and makes her way down the hall.

Lacie is now dashing down the halls of her home when she feels yet another squirt jet its way out of her stretched bladder. This squirt is much shorter than the first, but it is still enough to rewetten Lacie’s wet spot on her jeans.

Lacie makes it into the bathroom, leaning on the wall for support. Lacie struggles with her belt until she finally manages to pull it off. Lacie eagerly pulls her pants down to her ankles and plops her butt on the toilet.

The moment Lacie takes a seat on her porcelain throne, an audible noise is heard. You may have noticed the sudden, paallllllllloooo noise. Notice how Lacie is panting and how she leans her head back and lets out a satisfied moan. Ha, ha, no! Lacie is not broken. That is the sound of her using the toilet. After a very long day at the office, Lacie has finally made it home and is able to at long last let out all that water and coffee she drank. Let us give her some privacy.

Don’t worry, folks, Lacie is doing much better now. She just needed a good urination. Thank you for joining us in this desperation documentary. We hope you folks have learned something. Perhaps not to drink too much coffee when the restroom is broken!

Good bye, and good night ladies and gentlemen. See you next time!

*002*2023-02-01 04:25

Welcome back for another installment of Desperation Documentary. Last time, as you will recall, we followed around Lacy on her journey of having to hold in a full bladder. We learned much about desperation. Female desperation that is. As a viewer of the last documentary pointed out, what about male desperation? Well, today, we shall be diving into that topic. Enjoy!

Anthony, a twenty-eight-year-old man, has just arrived at his hotel. Our new friend has been on the road for nearly six hours now and has only taken a single bathroom break. Anthony is in town for his sister’s wedding. His sister offered him to stay at her house, but he didn’t wish to be a burden.

Anthony could feel the large coffee he drank simmering inside his pee pouch down below. Anthony decided to push his need onto the back burner, so to speak, and unpack. That way, he would not have to worry about it later.

Anthony spent the next forty-five minutes clearing out his bags and setting up his hotel room. He would stay here for a few days, so he wanted everything in a proper place until then.

Luggage taken care of, Anthony decided to reassess his bathroom needs and came to a conclusion that he should visit the facilities.

Anthony stood, feeling the pressure inside shift and press on his penis, and made his way to the open restroom in his hotel area. But just as Anothony was nearing the open door, he received a call from the hotel room’s phone. Choosing to wait a few extra moments, not wishing the call to be dropped, Anthony made his way to the phone.

“Hello?” Anthony spoke into the earpiece.

“Hello, sir,” said a feminine voice on the other end. “I hate to inform you of this, however, the hotel appears to be having some plumbing issues. In other words, if you use any running water right now, the pipes will burst and there will be a flood.”

Notice the look of dread wash over Anthony’s face. His eyes get big and his breathing slows. Fear rockets across Anthony’s brain and his skin goes pale and clammy. “Okay,” the man speaks softly. “Do you know when the plumbing will be fixed?”

“We are working on the issue as we speak, sir,” the woman reassures our soon to be desperate friend. “But it looks like the plumbing will be out until morning.”

Anthony’s look of horror worsens as he hears this sentence. “What do I do until then?” Asks Anthony, whose bladder appears to be a five out of ten now.

“There is a gas station a couple blocks down you may use,” the woman says. “We shall give a call when the plumbing is back.”

Anthony thanks the woman, understanding this is out of her hands, and hangs up. Anthony sits on his bed, grateful she called when she did. A few more seconds and Anthony would have unintentionally flooded the entire hotel.

Anthony now weighs his options. He could go and visit that gas station now, sure. But Anthony has just been on the road for six hours. Truth be told, the inside of a vehicle is the last thing he wanted to see right now. And so, Anthony decides to rest and use the gas station later. Anthony unloads his pockets from all the extra weight they carry around, and then lies his tired head down on the hotel pillows.

Anthony shifts a moan. He rolls over to notice the alarm clock of the hotel. Anthony nearly jumps from his socks upon seeing what the blood red digits said before him. 8:40 P.M. Anthony must have fallen asleep. He slept for four hours. Worst yet, as the fog of sleep slowly lifts from his brain, Anthony realizes how urgent his need now is. Observe how Anthony shoots upwards and grasps his aching penis. The pressure has since increased in his member. Anthony feels as if his penis swallowed an entire watermelon.

Anthony climbs to his feet and stumbles to his hotel door. Anthony does quick mental math and realizes it has been nearly eight hours since his last restroom visit. And with that coffee he drank on the way over here, his bladder is now extended past his trousers and looks an awfully lot like the shell of a turtle right now.

On his way to the main door, Anthony is forced to pass the bathroom. He wishes he could use it. Perhaps the plumbing is fixed. But Anthony has no way of knowing. The woman on the phone did say the plumbing would be out until morning. Notice how Anthony hesitates before the door to the lavatory. His mind is racing with ideas and thoughts and fears. Perhaps, thinks Anthony, I could use the restroom. I could just use the toilet and not flush. But then, Anthony would have to sleep in the same room with an unflushed toilet bowl. Watch as Anthony shakes his head, knowing this scheme is unacceptable. Anthony has always been grossed out by germs. He refuses to sleep in a room with a urine filled bowl sitting right through the wall.

Anthony decides to head to the gas station. Even as Anthony stumbles to the elevator, he can feel his bladder bouncing up and down, up and down - very similar to the movements made by a po-go stick - inside his abdomen. Each time his bladder jumps, pain fires through Anthony’s body.

Anthony now stands inside the elevator, rapidly slapping the button, beseeching the elevator to make with haste to the bottom floor.

Anthony’s eyes water and his hands hold his crotch as the doors to the elevator begin to slide shut.

“Oh, hold the elevator,” a voice calls.

Notice how Anthony leaps from fear. Running towards him is a rather attractive woman. Anthony’s mind cycles through alternative courses of action. He could allow the door to close and make his way to the gas station sooner. Plus, without this new arrival slowing him down, Anthony was free to make whatever fidgety movements he wished. But Anthony’s conscience caught up with him and his hand flew in front of the doors.

“Thanks,” the newcomer panted as she staggered past Anthony into the elevator. The doors slid closed, and the elevator descended.

Observe how Anthony bounces in place. He is casually shuffling his knees. Notice how his hands twitch at his sides. Anthony is doing everything in his power to keep from grabbing himself or squirming around. Either of which would be highly embarrassing to do in front of a complete stranger.

In Anthony’s urgent mind, the elevator’s climb down to the lobby feels as if it is taking forever.

Anthony’s elevator companion is casually playing on her cell phone, just scrolling social media. She hasn’t a clue to the predicament Anthony is in, and he hopes it stays that way.

Finally, the doors roll open and the woman casually strolls away. Anthony rushes towards the lobby. He does not intend to run indoors, but Anthony’s growing need forces his feet to - against his will - move in great strides. Notice how beads of sweat form on the young man’s face and his eyes grow wilder with each second his bladder expands past its limit.

Anthony zips through the double doors and dashes towards his car. The drive to the gas station is two blocks away. Anthony must act quickly or risk a embarrassment.

Anthony finally reaches his car. He grasps the door handle and pulls, driven to rage by his swollen bladder. Anthony finds the door locked. He shuffles around his jeans only to make a second, much more horrible discovery… He left his keys upstairs. Anthony’s car keys have been left in his hotel room.

Cursing, Anthony makes his way bath through the lobby. As we monitor Anthony’s movements, notice as his head shifts around his shoulders, glaring the length of the lobby. Anthony realizes no one is aware of his situation, as they all carry about their own business. This realization gives the slightest bit of joy to the desperate man.

Anthony crashes into the elevator and pounds the button to take him back to his room. The doors close and Anthony is alone. Pay attention to the way Anthony’s feet swerve around below him and the way he grasps the bulge of his penis through his jeans. These are sure fire signs to tell us that Anthony’s urinary urge has gone from bad to worse and soon it may be too late.

The elevator doors open with a satisfying ding and Anthony rushes back to his hotel room. He finally makes it, only to make yet another discovery, this one worse than the last two… Not only did Anthony leave his car keys inside the hotel room… But he also left his room key, the key card to open his hotel room.

Cursing and kicking his feet in the air, Anthony grabs his door handle and tugs as if his life is at stake. The door remains firmly locked. In pure desperation, Anthony had left his hotel room without grabbing his car keys or his key card. Now, Anthony is locked out of both his car and his hotel room. Worse yet, Anthony’s urge is at a solid eight out of ten now and rapidly growing.

As you will see, Anthony’s head falls against the silver door and he grabs his penis, shuffling it around and squeezing it, knowing full well his penis is all that stands between him and an accident.

Anthony will have to worry about his key card later. Right now, he had to empty his full tank. As difficult as this would be to accomplish, Anthony only saw one real option… He would have to walk to the gas station. It was only two blocks away. That should not be too hard. But having an extra full bladder, as Anthony now understood, makes even the simplistic tasks like pulling teeth with toothpicks.

Grunting out his frustration, Anthony turns on his heels and marches back towards the elevator. Having to ride the elevator a third time in the same hour, Anthony shifts his penis around inside his jeans, having the privacy of an elevator all to himself.

Anthony chews his lip and moans quietly, feeling his desperation rise to a nine. The doors open and Anthony is forced to regain his posture. As you will notice, Anthony is making movements between a jog and a waddle. Anthony must move quickly, but separating his legs, even for a moment may prove to be fatal for him.

Anthony is nearly at the door when a voice calls, “Are you okay, sir?”

Anthony angrily turns. Suppressing his wrath, he says as calmly as possible, “I am fine.”

Standing behind him is a hotel staff member who has a worried look on his face. “I just saw you pass through the lobby like three times,” the man began. “I just wondered…”

“I am fine,” Anthony repeats and brushing away the conversation, pushes past the doors and speed walks down the street.

As you can tell, the streets are mostly empty. A car passes by every now and again, but no real activity at these early evening hours. This allows our desperate friend to grab and squeeze and adjust his penis as much as he likes.

Observe how Anthony keeps both hands clasped over his penis bulge, one over the other. Anthony shuffles along, moving at a brisk pace, but careful not to move too fast and upset his already furious urinary bladder. Speaking of bladders and bulges, as you will witness, jugging several inches from Anthony’s waistband comes a bladder so large, it looks the size of the setting sun. Sweat trickles down Anthony’s tensed up features as his need grows worse than ever before.

Anthony is constantly scanning alleyways, debating finding a relief in one of them. But Anthony - a model citizen - refuses to urinate in a residential area such as this. Besides, police or someone else may see him. And so, Anthony pushes away the fantasy of catching some relief in an alleyway and continues to trudge on.

The walk is long. The summer air only makes Anthony’s bladder feel even warmer and sweatier than it already is. Sweat pushes down Anthony’s bladder bulge like small rivers. Anthony’s bladder is incredibly hot as if it is filled with molten lava. Anthony’s bladder feels heavy as well. As if our poor friend is dragging around a bowling ball inside. The pressure has mostly migrated to Anthony’s penis by now. The head of Anthony’s penis is throbbing, pulsating, and quivering, begging for release. Anthony pushes past the pain and continues down the road.

The man - now at a nine point five desperation level - has the gas station in sight. He can feel the relief! So close, yet so far. Anthony normally did his best to avoid gas station restrooms but having held this in for almost nine hours and having had a lot of coffee to drink, Anthony could safely say that this was an emergency.

Turn your attention to Anthony’s hands. Even as they hold his mighty manhood, they twitch and shake. Anthony has made a very common mistake when it comes to holding your crotch in a desperate situation… He has given his crotch extra strength at the beginning. And while that helped Anthony get to this point, he has been holding so long now, his hands have grown tired and now ache in protest. Anthony silently begs his hands to hold on a little longer.

Anthony stumbles across the street and into the gas station.

Anthony can finally see the bathrooms. Notice how his eyes grow and begin to weep with joy. Anthony can feel relief getting closer and closer.

“Excuse me, sir,” the man from the cash register calls. “You must buy something in order to use our bathrooms.”

Watch as Anthony’s features switch from excitement at the possibility of relief to irritation at this store worker.

“Can I buy something on the way out,” Anthony pleads. “I really have to go!” Anthony can feel his cheeks fill with blood at saying this, but it is just he and the cash register. Perhaps if the cash register knows Anthony’s urgency he will comply.

“I am sorry, sir,” replies the worker. “But it is store policy. You must buy something first.”

Pay attention to the way Anthony’s legs tremble like fruit in a blender. Anthony’s feet throb and his legs pound, protesting having to hold up Anthony’s desperate body for so long. The walk here only increased Anthony’s frantic desperate urges. Anthony feared he would not be able to wait one more second. Nor would he be able to reach the cash register without leaking.

“Just give me a bag of chips,” Anthony said, urgency filling his tone. “I’m sorry… But I can’t wait! I promise I will pay when I come back out, but right now…” As you can see, Anthony’s legs are crossed like a shoelace, squeezing his lower half tight. Anthony’s hands tremble as he covers his crotch.

Look at how the cashier watches our desperate subject. The man’s eyes fill with concern and understanding, and his facial features soften. He gives Anthony an understanding nod and rings up one bag of chips.

Anthony gives the man a look of thanks, then dashes into the restroom. Anthony freezes in place and moans. He can feel his hands get warm. Anthony’s worst fear is starting. A thick, metal hot, jet of pee explodes from the tip of Anthony’s penis. The dark spot is hardly visible, but Anthony can certainly feel the warmth spread along the fabric of his undergarments. Doubling over in a last stitch effort to hold on, Anthony huffs under his breath, staggering - like a drunk - the last few feet until he is face to face with the urinal.

Anthony is clenching his sphincter muscles tighter than ever. But poor Anthony can feel a tidal wave of pressure pushing down on his sphincter. The same way a person feels having to carry around boxes stuffed with bricks. Anthony could feel another squirt starting.

In a frenzy, Anthony tears down his zipper and yanks open his belt. Observe how Anthony does all of this at a quick pace. He is moving as swiftly as possible. You will also notice that Anthony keeps hopping from foot to foot. His feet are taking turns holding up the weight of his bursting full bladder.

Watch as Anthony shoves a hand violently into his trousers and begins pulling and tugging around. Anthony rips his penis through the fly of his boxers and out the second fly, this one belonging to his jeans.

Anthony holds his penis with one hand and a torrent of piss erupts from it. You will notice that Anthony rests his opposite hand against the wall and tilts his head forward. Look at Anthony’s mouth. You will see saliva stuck on the upper and lower lips, making a spider web of spit along his teeth and gums.

Now pay attention to Anthony’s penis. You will see how the limp genitalia is thrashing around, sort of like a fish out of water or an out-of-control garden hose. Anthony keeps a steady - yet slightly shaky hand - grasped firmly over the shaft. Now zoom in on the urine flying from Anthony’s cock. The urine splatters the back of the urinal, moving in giant waves that would drown a city of ants. Anthony douses the bubblegum pink urinal cake in a shower of golden liquid. The back of the urinal is now completely painted in gold. You will see how Anthony’s urine is mostly clear. This is a reminder of all the coffee he has consumed earlier. The urinal is now soaked in urine. There is even a dribble running over the side like a waterfall to the floor.

Anthony can feel the urine moving swiftly from his shaft into the urinal bowl. His bladder is evacuating urine at an incredibly fast rate. Anthony can feel his water level go down as his insides relax and so does his outsides. Anthony’s hands - while still stinging - feel loads better. The pressure on Anthony’s penis has gone down so much, Anthony hardly remembers it was ever there. Anthony breaths, relaxing himself to the best of his ability. Even Anthony’s bowling ball sized bladder has shrunk down and will soon vanish from sight.

Anthony stands before the urinal bowl, penis in hand, and feels at total peace.

After several long moments of standing there, Anthony’s torrential downstorm of piss subsides. Observe how Anthony gives a small push to his pelvis to eject the final stream of urine that had gotten stuck at some point of exit. The last of the piss falls into the urinal and Anthony’s penis is now dripping with the aftermath of urination. You will see how these tiny streams of urine run from Anthony’s urethral opening down the length of the head of his penis. Anthony gives his member a few good hard shakes, sending the last dribbles of urine flying from his manhood’s tip, straight down into the urinal.

Anthony retucks his member and is satisfied that the drops his bladder spilled into his boxers have dried by now. Anthony zips up and rebuckles his belt. After washing his hands properly, Anthony leaves the bathroom feeling much better than when he entered. All the pressure was gone and Anthony smiled.

Once again, thank you for joining us on this expedition into male desperation. Take care and remember to keep your bladder full. Bye!

