Pee Holding Tournament

Author: UrineLover1

*007*2023-03-29 19:03

“Juliet has lost and wet herself!” Leonard announced. “That still leaves five contestants in the running. Who will win and become the bladder champion? It would appear the rest of these ladies are rather squirmy…”

Leonard spoke the truth. The five remaining contestants were wiggling, and some were full on dancing, trying to hold in their tremendous amounts of liquid waste. Alexandria was grasping her crotch with both fists and maneuvering her hips back and forth on her stool, rolling them over her fists which remained pressed into her crotch. Meanwhile, Elena was beginning to show signs of higher desperation. Elena was busy toe tapping and leg crossing. Nothing insane yet, but certainly some fidgety motions on her part.

Tasha was crossing her legs, holding her crotch, as well as lightly twirling her hair as a way to distract herself. Melody was doing a more intense potty dance now. Melody kept her hands shoved as far into her sweats as they could go. Meanwhile, she kept jumping from foot to foot, while keeping her back hunched, and her eyes shut. Sweat rolled down Melody’s face. Melody’s skin - particularly her face - was bright red from the effort to hold in all of her liquid gold. This left Carmen who decided to stand up and stretch. Carmen kept her hands to her crotch and simply swayed her hips back and forth. Carmen chewed her lip as well, her eyes bulging almost as much as her bladder.

Carmen had also moved to the end of the room to avoid Juliet’s puddle. Melody had backed up against the TV to avoid the giant urine spill. The rest of the contestants just kept their feet off of the ground.

A custodian came in and began mopping up the giant puddle of shining gold. Thank goodness for the contestants! Having to see that puddle - much less stand in it - was badly harming the bladder muscles. Particularly in Melody.

Leonard was kind enough to turn off the water sounds now. But he promised there were other challenges to make this game more entertaining.

“You twirl your hair to distract yourself?” Alexandria asked Tasha.

“Yeah,” Tasha replied, a fist full of mahogany colored hair in between her fingers. “It helps a lot. You should give it a try.”

Alexandria reluctantly took some auburn hair and began twirling it. To her surprise, she realized Tasha was onto something. This was distracting enough that if Alexandria truly tried, she could forget almost entirely of her need to urinate.

“Hum? It helps,” Alexandria agreed.

“Why do you think I keep my hair so long?” Tasha laughed.

“Uh oh, looks like Tasha is giving her competitors pointers,” Leonard said. “Should have kept that one to yourself, Tash!”

“Nah, I’m not a jerk,” Tasha laughed.

Melody wanted to try this hair technique and see if it worked. But sadly, she was far beyond Tasha or Alexandria’s desperation level. At this point, if Melody removed her hands from her crotch for even a second, it would be game over! Regardless, Melody did her hardest not to think of her need. That is something Logan helped her with during training. Not thinking about it. But she was past that point as well. Melody was at the point that blissful urination was all that she could think about!

Melody suddenly felt a little trickle out. But it was only a small dribble. No one even noticed this time! Melody knew she couldn’t keep this up much longer. But she had to try.

“Seven hours without a bathroom break! And with all the fluid these girls have ingested, I think we are all blown away with how few accidents we have had!” Leonard cried. “This is truly the strongest group of bladders in the world!”

“Wow, Melody,” Alexandria said in a hushed voice. “Your bladder is so big!”

At first Melody thought this was a complement to her holding skills. Then she realized that this was an observation. Melody’s bladder was bulging out nearly an entire foot. Melody wanted to rub her bulge to calm it down, but she knew it was far too sensitive to even touch. Melody’s shirt was pulled far up to make room for her bulge. The sad part was Melody’s bladder bulge had pushed her shirt up all on its own. Melody hoped no one could see her bra.

“My potty meter is going off like crazy!” Melody wailed.

“With a bladder that size, it is a wonder your whole body doesn’t explode!” Carmen called. Carmen now sat back on her stool after Juliet’s flood had been cleaned up.

Juliet now sat in the seats, chatting with the audience. Juliet was all cleaned up, wore fresh clothing, and looked much happier and healthier than when they last saw her. Lucky duck got to pee! Even if she lost the contest, Juliet was so lucky to have finally peed!

Ten more minutes passed, each one an eternity. Melody’s pee hole was burning, and her bladder was screaming. Melody could hardly stand with all the weight she had sloshing around inside of her. Gallons of urine pushed down on Melody’s urinary sphincter, enticing it to open up, just for a quick second so she could pee. Melody’s sweatpants had a very small trail of gray patch going down the left leg, by her thigh. Melody had spent the past forty-five minutes leaking constantly. Each time she claimed that her bladder was still filled to the brim, and it was just making extra room by pushing out a little pee. Most of the time when melody squirted, no one even noticed. But when the trail moved downward or the hiss was loud, someone would comment. Melody now wore a dark gray circle around her crotch as well as a short trail down the left thigh. The urine was all dried in now. Melody's pants were no longer wet, but they were slightly cold now that the pee had time to settle into its new home.

Melody wasn’t too happy about being the second to lose. That may allow her to come into fifth place, but the way she saw it, if she peed now, she would be the second loser. Nevertheless, Melody was proud of herself. And she knew Logan was as well. The truth was, between her age and her mom bladder, no one expected her to make it this far. If Melody lost control right now, everyone in this room would be impressed. A forty-one-year-old woman with three kids lasting seven hours without a bathroom break on triple the amount of water? Melody was a bladder queen no matter whether she won this tournament or not!

Melody began to think of all she had to drink. She had just a little over three liters of fluid. Of course, that was really nine liters. Melody did quick math. She believed that to be about two and a half gallons pressing down on her bladder. Melody truly was a bladder champ no matter what happened!

Still, Melody had told the truth. Her internal bathroom meter was now in the deep red zone and was screaming, ‘EMERGENCY! DANGER! DANGER! EMPTY SOON! GONNA BLOW IN TEN… NINE… EIGHT…’

Melody’s face was as red as a rose. Sweat was exploding from her skin. Her eyes were tearing up.

Thinking of all she drank and her internal bathroom meter, Melody felt another squirt trickle out. It was a very slow leak and not much escaped. But Melody soon began to panic upon discovering that she could not stop this leak. This squirt was super weak, but it just kept flowing. Melody grabbed herself and squirmed, but nothing she did made any difference. The gray spot began to get wet again. The wet patch grew, and a trail began rolling farther down Melody’s leg. Another trail appeared on her other leg. Looking down Melody realized she also had a camel toe. She hoped no one had noticed. All though, to be fair, they probably noticed her wet patch more than they noticed the camel toe.

Melody’s vaginal lips - showing through her sweatpants - began to glisten as they got wetter and wetter. Melody instantly felt her underwear get super heavy, weighed down by her bladder’s pressure. Her camel toe grew wetter and darker. Melody could feel her vaginal lips squirting warm fluid all over her sweatpants.

Melody’s accident was so slow, that it took a few seconds for anyone to notice.

“Hey, she’s having an accident!” A man in the audience cried.

All eyes were on Melody. Mutters filled the room. Melody didn’t care. She just stood back and allowed her urine to leave her body rather slowly. The crowd whispered and talked eagerly to watch such a slow wetting.

After a couple of minutes of feeling the pee slowly escape her urethra, Melody’s body grew more comfortable with the idea of pissing herself, and in mere seconds, the pee stream quadrupled in size. Melody now stood, flooding her sweatpants. Soon, every square inch of Melody’s sweats were dark gray and glistening from wetness. Melody had to admit, it felt awfully good to slowly start off wetting and then allow her stream to gradually pick up speed. It especially felt good just to get it out of her body!

Thanks to her camel toe, it was obvious where the accident was coming from too. If one wanted to, they could easily track down the exact origin of Melody’s flow. Melody’s vaginal lips showed nicely through her sweatpants. And Melody’s flow came hissing out directly in between these two rather large lips. This was the exact origin of the wet spot, where the wet patch had begun and was now getting bigger and wetter with each passing second.

Hissing filled the room as Melody’s bladder decreased in size as its contents were all sent to cover melody’s sweatpants. Melody’s skin turned pale again. Her sweat slowed down. Melody just crossed her arms and smiled proudly as she soaked her pants.

Melody’s pee stain began seeping upwards and totally soaked the bottom of Melody’s salmon colored shirt. Melody felt her urine pool down in her sneakers and soak into her cotton white socks.

Yet another immense puddle was formed on the quartz floor. Melody now understood why the floor was quartz of all things. Much easier to mop up than wood. Melody’s puddle grew and soon engulfed the entire row of stools. It just kept getting larger and larger. Melody’s pee puddle grew so massive that even the audience members in the front row had to lift their feet to avoid getting wet.

“That is some pee!” Leonard wailed! Melody’s puddle was now so large, that even Leonard needed to back up. And he had already been standing relatively far away.

Shaking her head slightly, Melody simply said, “I’m not even done!” Melody smiled at the camera and then the audience. They all cheered. Melody couldn’t help but feel excitement at the knowledge that right now, the entire country was watching her once in a lifetime wetting!

Many moments passed.

“Wow, Melody, you done yet?” Alexandria cried.

“Nope,” Melody said simply.

More moments passed.

“You done now?” Carmen demanded.

“No, but I am getting tired of standing,” Melody crashed down on the stoll behind her.

Many minuets passed.

“Umm… Melody?” Leonard asked slowly.

“Fine,” Melody knew people were no longer impressed, they were just annoyed with how long her wetting was taking. Even with her stream now on full blast, Melody has been going at this for so long, that it was nearly the eighth hour of the contest! Melody managed to close off her stream, with much difficulty. Melody found it to be kind of painful to stop the flow. Not painful, per say… But that release had felt sooo good… That stopping it for any reason at all just felt plain wrong to Melody! But now that she had drained so much, it was a lot easier to carry around. “I’ll finish the rest of it in the ladies’ room,” Melody announced. “Now, how about that change of clothes?”

An assistant came forward with a change of clothing for poor Melody. Jeans, t-shirt, socks, and undies. Logan accepted everything.

Alexandria stared down at the massive puddle on the floor as well as the soaking gray pants Melody still wore. “Did your bladder have to make room for that too?” Alexandria joked.

“I think it did!” Elena laughed.

“Oh shut up, both of you,” Melody hissed just as her stream had down. Melody then turned and began stomping through her gigantic puddle of piss covering the floor. A soaking wet Melody and her husband, Logan left the room and went down the hall.

“Okay, folks!” Leonard called. “That was… Some pee! And now, Juliet and Melody have both fallen victim to their full bladders! That means, two down and four to go. Melody and Juliet were our most desperate contestants! Now, it is a mystery who will wet next. And I don’t know about any of you… But that is a mystery I am just dying to crack!” The crowd laughed.

*009*2023-04-03 03:32

“Eight hours in and two competitors have now expelled all urine!” Leonard narrated. “But that still leaves four lovely ladies who are keeping their floods at bay.

Time for another quick bladder check! Alexandria, how’s that bladder of yours doing?”

“Honestly, Leonard… I’m getting up there,” Alexandria kept her legs double and triple crossed. “I have to pee bad!”

“Uh oh,” Leonard smirked. “Are you going to be able to hold it?”

“I’ll try,” Alexandria’s response was drowned out by her parents' screams.

“Keep it in, baby!” Her mother cried.

“You can do it, Alex!” Her father shouted.

Alexandria turned red again.

“Yes, well, how about you Elena?” Leonard asked. “How is our big bladder girl doing?”

“Okay, firstly… I love that!” Elena smiled at this newfound title ‘big bladder girl’. “Secondly,” she said. “It is getting hard to keep still, to be perfectly honest with you.”

“Ah, yes, I can see that,” Leonard took note of Elena’s fidgety movements. Elena now rapidly tapped her lap with her hand. Her legs were crossed and her feet were twitching. “You have had more than enough fluids, I think,” Leonard laughed. “You may stop the fluid intake as well, Elena.

Elena almost cried with relief. It was getting harder and harder to keep drinking. Just having to look at this water made Elena’s bladder ache, let alone having to drink it down! When Leonard told her she could stop, Elena almost wept with joy. But in her attempt to remain as the big bladder girl, she merely nodded and said, “Sounds good.”

“Yes. Hanging in there, Tasha?” Leonard asked.

“Yeah,” Tasha squirmed in her seat. “But the pressure is building…”

“Oh, that’s not good,” Leonard pretended to look sad about this news. “Keep holding! Carmen?”

“Gotta pee!” Carmen shuffled her hips, bringing her knees close together. Carmen’s entire body swiveled around in an entire circle.

“Well, hopefully, you can pee soon,” Leonard said. “But as Juliet and Melody have demonstrated when the pee wants to exit, it will exit!” That caused giggles and chuckles from the crowd and contestants alike. Leonard watched Elena set down her final empty bottle of heavy water. “That reminds me,” Leonard said.

“How much exactly did you ladies have to drink? And remember, each bottle is one liter. And each liter is as strong as three liters.”

“I drank seven liters… So that is what, twenty-one liters?” Alexandria squirmed. Her parents cheered. Alexandria blushed.

Leonard’s jaw dropped. “Twenty-one liters…” Leonard mused. “That is equivalent to five and a half gallons! How has your bladder not burst yet, Alexandria?!?”

Alexandria’s parents hooped and hollered.

Blushing, Alexandria shrugged. “I got good control.”

“I guess!” Leonard laughed. “Big bladdered girl, Elena… How about you? How much have you drunk?”

Grabbing her lady parts, Elena said, “About ten liters.”

“So, thirty real liters!” Leonard wailed in alarm. “So eight gallons of fluid! You poor, poor girl. That poor aching bladder of yours! How have you held so well for so long?”

“I've been training,” Eleena replied.

“Looks like it!” Leonard exclaimed. “I am afraid to ask, but Tasha…” Leonard ventured.

“Five and a half liters,” Tasha said. “So, I guess that is sixteen and a half liters.”

“That is just shy of four and a half gallons,” Leonard said. “Not nearly as much as your companions… But still, far more than any normal-sized bladder could hold. Keep holding her in, Tasha! And lastly, Carmen. How much have we had to drink today?”

“About six liters, I think,” Carmen said. “So, eighteen liters I guess. How much is that in gallons?”

“Four and three-quarter gallons!” Leonard wailed. “Impressive! Very nice, ladies. Just keep on holding. I have a hunch someone will lose soon.”

Leonard’s hunch was wrong. Two more hours passed and no one lost. The contestants did, however, get much more wiggly within that time. Alexandria, Elena, Tasha, and Carmen were all much more squirmy now and their bladders had all expanded to unbelievable measurements.

The tournament was now at the tenth-hour mark. It was not uncommon for these pee-holding tournaments to last a long amount of time. After all, the people to enter these tournaments had the strongest, largest bladders on earth. And that was even before they trained! The bladders to enter this tournament were nearly unbreakable. But between the pressure placed on them and the length of time, they were forced to hold, even these iron-strong bladders were beginning to grow weak.

Leonard had ordered pizzas for the live audience and the contestants. The contestants had very small sips of heavy water with their pizza. The contestants had all been starving at this point. They were eager to place some food inside their stomachs. But they were also anxious to empty the urine from their bladders. It is a strange thing when you think about it. We want our stomachs to be full and our bladders to be empty.

“I’ll be,” Leonard said, amazed. “Ten hours in, many gallons down, and we are all still holding! You know what that means? Time for another bladder check. How we doin’ ladies?”

“Full,” Alexandria was grabbing herself and wiggling from side to side on her stool.

“Yeah, quite full,” Elena stood. Elena had her arms behind her back. She wiggled her hips from side to side and moaned slightly. She kept her legs crossed in front of her and chewed her lip.

“Super full!” Tasha cried, tugging at her hair and keeping her legs crossed out in front of her, a hand in her crotch.

“Bursting full!” Carmen wailed. Carmen sat on the floor, legs back in their pretzel position and hands dug deep into the crotch of her jeans. Sweat drizzled down her face and her arms shook like buildings during an earthquake.

All four women had very large bumps ballooning out of their stomachs. And it was not from the food but rather a different need.

“My, my, my,” Leonard grinned. “You all are quite full of urine, aren’t you? That is perfect because now we come upon the next challenge!”

*012*2023-04-05 19:18

{{4 hours ago, wishfulomo0572 said:

I'm not sure how I feel about contestants being told to stop when sufficiently wiggly rather than after a certain amount of fluid; someone could probably exploit that by acting more desperate than they are so they get cut off early.

}}

That's a fair point! I suppose the judges and everyone are just hoping the contestants will all be honest. It would probably be like any other contest in the real world where they need to either sign something or verbally swear not to cheat.

The main reason for this rule is to make it more fair for those with weaker bladders. If the stronger drink more, everyone has a better chance of winning. Thus, the game is more interesting.

*013*2023-04-05 19:23

“For the second challenge,” Leonard went on. “You ladies shall be forced to test your bladders against added pressure! My assistants are currently passing out belts. You must place the belts directly over your bladder bulging. And on top of that, my assistants shall press down on your bladders with all the strength they have.”

All competitors looked up in absolute horror.

“You are kidding…” Carmen managed.

“Is that a problem, Carmen?” Leonard smiled, clearly understanding Carmen’s concerns.

“Actually…” Carmen grasped her aching genitals. She knew full well that if she refused this challenge, it would be just the same as if she left or stopped drinking before told to. This tournament was all about doing as instructed. And that included these damn challenges. But Carmen’s bladder was so swollen, she felt incredibly bloated! Carmen felt ready to give birth. “Never mind,” Carmen said quickly.

Leonard grinned evilly.

The four remaining competitors reluctantly buckled the belts over their bladders. Alexandria felt sharp pains traveling up her nervous system. They came directly from that overflowing bladder of hers. Elena, meanwhile, didn't feel pain, so much as discomfort at not allowing her bladder to expand like it so wanted to. Tasha’s bladder was by far the largest as of now. Even larger than Carmen’s. Having to buckle up her bladder put heaps of pressure down on her pelvis, making her entire body ache. Carmen - being the most desperate at this point - felt ready to vomit. Her bladder was begging and pleading to be emptied. Carmen truly was extending her limit and she knew sooner rather than later… She would pop!

Leonard’s assistants all stood behind each woman - now all back on their stools - and the assistants pressed down as hard as they possibly could, using both hands, shoving down into the bladders of four very desperate women.

Alexandria felt the pain in her bladder travel deeper into her body, making every organ, and every bone ache and beg for release. Elena felt her discomfort blossom into that of throbbing pain. Elena now had to grab herself to keep any liquid from slowly seeping out. Tasha felt the pressure of her jumbo-sized bladder heightened to unbelievable amounts. She also felt her bladder twinge as it threatened to release all contents where she sat. Carmen, at the moment, felt ready to burst like a water balloon. Carmen was well past her limits and she knew in an hour more at the latest, she would surely lose the tournament.

Alexandria crossed her legs and rasped herself, biting her lower lip and cursing like a sailor. After all that heavy drinking - in terms of liquid drink and the heavy properties it contained - Alexandria felt herself inflated like a hot air balloon. She was now ready to burst and take a much-needed piss. And yet, she refused to leak a single golden tear. Elena swiveled her bum on her stoll, also chewing her lip and sweating a fair amount. Tasha’s dark skin was nearly red as she grasped and held, moaning and groaning. Sweat dribbled from her face, her tired eyes bloodshot, her full bladder pushing as hard as possible against the leather-bound restraining its movements.

Tasha crossed her legs. She grabbed herself and yanked at her hair. She tightly squeezed the fabric of her dress, holding fistfuls of the silk. Carmen kept one foot pressed in her crotch and the second wrapped around the first. Both hands were on her crotch and she sweat and cried tears of torture. Carmen groaned and sobbed, silently begging her sphincter to stay strong and her urethra to remain shut. Carmen was a vault door, forcing herself to remain shut for as long as she needed. But Carmen’s bladder of steel was slowly losing the battle. Carmen was on the verge of releasing any and all liquid her bladder has accumulated in the hours before now.

Several woeful moments passed by. All four ladies felt nothing but pure pressure. The belts, the hands-down on them, the full bladders. Nothing but intense pressure for these four.

At one point, Alexandria’s father told her, “I’m going to the bathroom, Alex. I know you can stay closed, however!” Alexandria wanted to scream at her old man. How dare he take a piss when she was suffering. But Alexandria was too weak to speak, much less shout. She knew she could hold longer, granted the strong hands and belt on her bladder be released. But as for now, Alexandria could only focus on keeping her bladder under command.

The man holding onto Elena’s bladder began guiding his hands up and down and all around. He pressed down on her navel… Hard. Elena moaned. But not a single drop leaked. Elena’s pee hole was closed until further notice. She would not pee. She would make her mother proud.

The woman grasping Tasha’s bladder dug in deeper. Tasha squeaked as she felt the smallest squirt escape her aching pussy lips. It was just a small squirt. No one noticed. But Tasha’s panties were certainly damp. She could not take the pressure from her bladder much longer!

Carmen felt as if an ocean the size of Russia was inside her body. Worse, she felt the ocean being condensed into a much smaller space. Even worse, she felt that condensed ocean being poked and prodded by some man she didn’t even know. Carmen could feel the first few drops leak from her bursting bladder and roll their way down to her lady bits. Carmen’s womanhood was cramping from the effort to hold back the golden ocean currently brewing inside of her. After nearly five gallons of liquid, she desperately needed emptying!

The audience members all leaned forward, watching with breathless anticipation as these events unfolded before their very eyes. They watched as the contestants grew ever so desperate to leak. Melody and her husband, Logan as well as Juliet all watched as well. Every now and then, Juliet would call out obnoxious comments to Tasha.

“Come on, Tash, don’t leak!” “Keep it in, Tasha!” “Big girls don’t pee themselves, Tash!” Juliet would call.

“Shut up you little…” Tasha hissed through clenched teeth.

And so, this went on. The four remaining contestants moaned and sweat as they held on for dear life. Meanwhile, belts were pressing their bladder bulges far down and four large men and women pressed down even further into already overloaded urinary bladders.

“Okay,” Leonard said, after an intense fifteen minutes. “We are nearing the end of this challenge, and to everyone’s surprise, no one so much as leaked! But before we end this challenge, I ask my four lovely assistants to give each competitor one final shove of the bladder. As hard as you can now! Let them have it!”

The four assistants walked around the stools so that they now stood in front of each competitor. Each assistant held up both hands and thrust them into the giant bladders of the four sweating and sobbing women. All four women groaned. This was the most intense pressure any of them have ever experienced! Just as Leonard had asked, the assistants were no longer going easy on them. The assistants were now cracking down hard. The sudden pressure was like an explosion of force, enough to cause a rupture…

All four assistants didn't just stop at pushing down on the bladders. They all made first and began using the four swollen bladders as their own personal punching bags, The four women moaned and groaned as they each felt two fists move in and out of the flesh of their rock-hard bladders.

Alexandria knit her legs together and cursed wildly. Elena grasped her genitals and moaned. Carmen huffed and leaked a large dribble into her undies. Tasha, however, burst.

Tasha shouted to the wind, as her fishnet stockings filled with warm liquid. Piss shot through Tasha’s white underwear and escaped through the holes in her stockings. Lemon-colored urine blasted forth from Tasha’s labia at full force. Tasha’s underwear was now filled with urine and urine was leaving many trails from her fishnets and left behind several giant waterfalls as it ran down her stool and puddled on the floor.

With the pressure from the assistant's mighty hands and the pressure of the strap already in place, Tasha’s bladder just detonated in her underwear. The front of Tasha’s dress turned damp as did her yellow skirt. Tasha’s shirt may have already been yellow, but it turned a much darker shade from the urine she spilled onto it.

Tasha now sat there, moaning and shaking from relief. Her eyes were bugged out and a permanent smile spread across her face. The assistant leaped back. Juliet howled with laughter upon watching her friend empty her bladder all over the floor, just as she had done a few hours before. Alexandria, Elena, and Carmen, once again, held their feet up onto their stools, allowing Tasha’s massive piss puddle room to expand and develop into a pure golden lake.

The audience cheered. Leonard pursed his lips and nodded with satisfaction.

Several moments passed before the tall Tasha was properly voided.

“Looks like I lost,” Tasha stood and nodded to her former competitors. “Good luck, ladies.” An assistant followed Tasha out, carrying clean clothing in their arms.

“Well, another one bites the dust!” Leonard cried. “Three down, three to go! Now we get into the championship! Bronze, silver, and gold. Who will win! I have a feeling we’ll find out relatively soon…”

*015*2023-04-09 01:07

This left only Alexandria, Elena, and Carmen in the running. Three full bladders and only one possibility of the winner. Leonard allowed them to remove their belts now - much to the distressed women’s delight!

Leonard ordered his assistants to remove the three empty stools. This way, Alexandria, Elena, and Carmen - the final three contestants - could sit closer to one another.

The audience went back to chatting and the hour slowly trekked by.

The three remaining contestants grabbed themselves and moaned. The janitor was nearly done cleaning up Tasha’s accident.

But the three remaining women were experiencing pressure the likes of which none of them had ever experienced before. Each woman felt an ocean inside, bearing down on their sphincter, causing their stomachs to bloat and distend outwards. All three had faces mixed with sweat, tears, and redness. All three held their womanhoods and crossed their legs. All three lamented quietly and sniveled in torment. All three felt their pee holes pulse and their bladders pound and their sphincters tremor.

“I have to pee so bad…” Carmen sobbed, eyes shut and legs crossed.

“Then go,” Elena suggested.

“Yeah, girl, yeh gotta pee, just pee,” Alexandria agreed. “Let one of us win!”

“Yeah,” Elena giggled.

Carmen no longer had the strength to waste on even flipping them the bird. Her muscles were too weak. Carmen felt her brain go numb from how much water she held.

“Just a little game of mind over matter,” Carmen managed, twisting her legs and arms together to hug her crotch. “Mind over matter, Carmen, you got this,” Carmen told herself.

“If you have to talk to yourself, you are probably on the verge of wetting yourself!” Alexandria laughed.

“Shut up, I need to focus,” Carmen snapped.

“On what, mind over matter?” Elena taunted.

“Yes, mind over matter…” Carmen muttered to herself, squeezing tight. “Mind over matter, mind over matter, mind over matter… I can do this, I can do this, I can do this!” Carmen breathed in and out. “Mind over matter, Carmen, just mind over matter is all… I got this. Got it under control!”

“Doesn’t look like you do,” Alexandria laughed.

“Shush!” Carmen snapped again. Carmen grunted. “Oh, my back teeth are floating!”

“I’ll bet you feel it up to your eyes?” Elena asked.

“Oh, it is well past my eyes! More like up to my brain!” Carmen wailed. “But I’m fine, okay! I got an iron bladder!”

“Yeah, so do we,” Elena shot back.

“Bladder of steel club!” Alexandria cried in cheer, pumping a fist into the air.

“But no one can hold forever!” Elena whispered to Carmen’s ear.

“I can…” Carmen grunted through her crooked teeth. “I can last… I’m a big girl, big girls don’t wet!”

Carmen began to scratch her calf in a desperate attempt to numb the nerves sending frequent and urgent signals between her bladder and her brain. But it didn’t work. The nerves were just too strong now. Carmen imagined her nerves as people. They were constantly shouting at her brain to empty the bladder… NOW!!! Carmen was about to do just that too! Those nerves would be the death of her!

“You know, Carmen,” Alexandria said. “Full bladders really… Piss me off!” Alexandria laughed and slapped her knee. The sudden movement caused her bladder to throb. But it was worth it for that terrible pun!

“Oy,” Elena rolled her eyes. Carmen couldn’t help but smirk.

“Get it?” Alexandria cried. “Because full bladders are filled with…”

“We get it, Alexandria. Please never do that again,” Elena moaned. “The only thing worse than the pain of an aching full bladder is your awful puns!”

This time Carmen did laugh. It was just a small giggle, but it caused her already painful bladder to nearly explode with the labor to hold back the sea of pee inside.

“I’m really starting to feel the pressure to be honest,” Elena respired, hands running over her six-inch bulge.

“Oh, yeah, I feel tons of pressure down in my vagina,” Alexandria mentioned.

“Really? I feel the most pressure on my panty line,” Elena stated, running her freshly manicured fingers over her bulge.

“I feel it in my vagina,” Alexandria crossed her legs. “Or my vulva, rather,” Alexandria breathed and grasped herself, rocking up and down. “Whew, I gotta pee!” she chewed her lip and moaned.

“Hey, Carmen, where do you feel the most pressure when you have to pee?” Elena wondered.

“I don’t want to talk about it,” Carmen moaned.

“Ah, come on!” Alexandria kicked her legs out in front of her repetitively. “We told you!”

“Yeah,” Elena agreed. “Is it…”

“Okay, okay, fine…” Carmen moaned. “I personally feel the most pressurization down in my navel.”

“Oh?” Elena arched her eyebrow.

“Ah, the belly button!” Alexandria cried. “So,” Alexandria reached past Elena and gently rested her hand over her competitor’s swollen bladder. “If I were to press down here…” Alexandria pushed her hand inwards.

“Ah, ah, ah!” Carmen moaned, screaming in absolute pain.

“And the assistants were pressing down on you in that exact spot as well,” Elena recalled. She smirked. “Oh, Carmen, that must have been killing you!”

“What’s going on over here?” Leonard asked, approaching the group of contestants.

Taking her hand off of poor Carmen and sitting back, Alexandria smirked. “Carmen’s about to go potty in her pants.”

“Oh, looks like I arrived just in time!” Leonard motioned for the camera to move in closer on the group of desperate ladies.

“I… Juliet is right…” Carmen moaned. “I… I’m gonna hold on… I can hold… I’m gonna… I’m gonna hold my pee like a big girl!” Carmen shut her eyes tighter. She placed a hand flat over her private parts and closed her fingers around it. She squeezed with all of her remaining strength. Sweat was rolling down her forehead. Even with her eyes closed. Carmen could feel the sweat over her eyelids. She wanted desperately to wipe the sweat away, but she feared removing her hands from her business for so much as a second. “I… I’m a big girl… I can hold on…”

Alexandria and Elena smiled at one another, getting an evil idea. They winked to show their understanding to each other.

“Hey, Carmen,” Alexandria leaned in closer and whispered… “Drip.”

“Drip, drip, drip,” Elena taunted.

Carmen yelped with pain. Her knuckles turned white as she squeezed even tighter.

“Gotta go, doncha, Carmen?” Alexandria teased, doing a fair bit of wiggling and crotch-holding herself. “Well, whatever you do, don’t think about… Waterfalls!”

“Or leaky faucets or running rivers,” Elena added.

“Yes, or swimming pools or water parks!” Alexandria added.

“Water parks! Good one!” Elena cried.

“Please, guys… Stop talking about it…” Carmen whimpered. “I want to win…”

“Oh, but you can’t win,” Alexandria teased.

“Nope, you look seconds away from piddling your pants!” Elena laughed.

Alexandria tilted her head and cupped a hand to her mouth and called, “Here comes the flood!” She laughed.

“No… No, no!” Carmen sobbed, feeling a small leak make its way into her underpants.

“Oh, yeah,” Alexandria squirmed. “I’ll bet you have to piss, huh Carmen? I’ll bet you have to go! And by go, I mean go!” Alexandria deepened her voice, clearly emphasizing the last word Carmen wished to hear right now.

“I want to go…” Carmen admitted, her voice extra quiet.

“Huh?” Elena placed a hand to her ear, pretending not to hear her competition. “You what? You wanna go?”

“Mumph-ump…” Carmen hummed, grinding her rump on the seat.

“Then go,” Alexandria sugged.

“I wanna go!” Carmen grizzled. Her cry became louder with each sentence. “I want to go! I want to go! I WANT TO GO!!!”

And so Carmen went.

Carmen’s jeans quickly became dark. The wet patch sprang from the crotch of Carmen’s pants and quickly moved downward, stretching across the entire length of the pant leg. Carmen felt her pee hole speedily convulse. Each spray of hot piss in her pants was louder than the last. Carmen didn’t even attempt to stop it or slow nor speed up the contractions. She just let her body do its thing. It felt lovely to squirt out a little bit of pee at a time. The contractions soon stopped and Carmen turned into a fire hose. Urine gushed from her urethra at rapid-fire speed, soaking everything in its wake. Carmen’s bladder of steel gave into the mountain of pressure and she flooded the entire room in one swift, powerful, godly stream.

Carmen’s denim jeans quickly became heavy as she loaded them down with her soggy urine. Carmen felt her underwear get bulky as she voided her bladder where she sat. Urine dribbled down Carmen’s leg holes and once again, a puddle on the floor quickly began growing. The puddle rapidly began to thicken and enlarge all around the stools and covered the entire length of the floor. The puddle stretched as far as the door and even floated towards the audience - who again had to raise their legs.

This relief felt so good! Carmen felt ready to orgasm. It took all of her willpower not to stick her hand down her pants and masturbate here and now!

Carmen no longer cared that she lost. She made it to third place anyway. Bronze was good! Carmen was just so thrilled to have peed, she didn’t care about anything else. Carmen - like the others - had enjoyed this tournament greatly! She was so happy to have gotten her day off so she could compete after all!

“How does relief feel, Carmen?” Leonard smiled.

Carmen merely gave him a thumbs-up as she sat back and gushed.

Watching Carmen flood the floor caused Alexandria’s bladder to quake. Hearing that gush and hiss made it hard to deny her own urge. Even Elena had to admit… Carmen looked a lot fresher! Peeing would feel terrific right about now!!! Feeling her shoes once again get wet from yet another pee puddle made Elena realize with a start just how long it has been since she last peed. This tournament was almost at eleven hours and she drank over eight gallons of fluids. Even Elena’s monster-sized bladder was growing impatient.

Once Carmen’s flood finally concluded, Carmen waved goodbye to the audience and blew a kiss at the camera. She then left with the assistant who carried her fresh clothes.

“Well, folks, I believe that leaves…” Leonard turned dramatically to Alexandria and Elena. “Two.”

Alexandria and Elena turned to face one another, thinking the exact same thing. It was poetic justice that they were the last two contestants left. After all, Alexandria and Elena were the first to meet each other. And they were both the ones here with parent issues. And now they were going head to head for the pee-holding championship!

*017*2023-04-16 22:51

“Well, folks, we have reached the twelve-hour mark and two competitors still remain!” Leonard announced. “And I’d say that they look quite desperate…”

Alexandria and Elena both trembled, hands in genitalia, legs crossed, shaking and shivering all over. They each sat in the exact same position. Both women held their feet up against their crotch and kept their legs crossed on the stool with their hands helping their feet hold it in.

“How you ladies feeling?” Leonard asked.

Twin moans of agony was all he received in response. “Music to our ears,” Leonard said. The crowd laughed.

“Keep it in, baby!” Alexandria’s mother cried.

“You can hold on!” Her father called.

Trembling, Alexandria fired her parents with a death look.

“Now for yet another challenge,” Leonard went on. “The final challenge, in fact… Relief!”

“Huh?” Everyone in the room looked up at Leonard, faces questioning his words.

An assistant came forward, carrying two large bowls. Leonard accepted them. “Now,” Leonard told the two remaining women. “Our two finalists have a choice. They are allowed a five-second steam to ease the pressure. They are allowed to relieve themselves either in their pants… Or in these bowls.” As Leonard spoke, two more assistants finished setting up a curtain against the wall. “If they choose to relieve themselves in the bowls,” Leonard went on. “They may go behind the curtain or relieve themselves right here. What do you ladies want to do?”

“I… I think I’ll pee in the bowl,” Alexandria said. “I can do it here. I’m not shy.”

“Me too,” Elena said.

“Okay, two very brave girls!” Leonard said. “Very well, whenever you ladies are ready?”

Alexandria and Elena both stood. Their legs trembled and their bladders stung. Both women - while never admitting to this out loud - were terrified. They were now allowed to pee… But only a five-second stream. They may not be able to stop.

Both women pulled down their jeans and underwear, flashing the audience with their lady bits. Alexandria had a small triangle-shaped patch of pubic hair while Elena was clean-shaven. Elena’s pussy lips hung down a lot farther than Alexandria's. Elena’s lips were also more plump and pinker than Alexandria’s.

It suddenly occurred to the women that this was being broadcasted. The whole country could see their vagina lips. And in a few minutes, the whole country would see them pee too. It may be a short stream, but a stream nonetheless. And the whole country would watch them pee too! But the two anxious females were so eager for relief that they hardly cared one bit. Besides, all of the other contestants were broadcasted full-on peeing their pants. Even poor Melody peed her camel toe for the entire country to see! How different could a visible stream be?

Each woman quickly took their bowls from Leonard and placed them under their private areas. Both women were grunting and giving sharp moans. It was pure pain to have to hold on while their pants were down and relief was directly below them. Alexandria and Elena both knew that their waters would be exiting during this task. Whether they wanted them to or not!

It was nearly impossible to even see their bowls over their giant bladder bumps! Their bladders were weighing the women down. But they had to hold on, just a little longer…

“Okay, remember,” Leonard said. “Just a five-second stream. In three…”

Leonard was interrupted by the loud sound of a pang. The audience saw clearly as a clear splash of pee fell from Alexandria and hit the bowl. “Shit!”

Alexandria grunted her face bright red from desperation as well as embarrassment.

“I see someone is awfully excited!” Leonard laughed.

“Sorry…” Alexandria muttered.

“Quite already,” Leonard said. “As I was saying… In three… Two… One… Pee!”

Two loud, immediate gushes were heard across the room. Two very long, noisy streams came firing from each woman. They made frying noises as they rammed down on the metal bowls.

Alexandria was careful only to turn on her tap slightly. She held back the worst of the pressure, carefully allowing just a little trickle out. Alexandria began to have confidence. She might actually be able to shut her stream off! Alexandria took comfort in the feeling of growing pressure on the bowl, knowing the more she got out, the less was inside her bladder.

Alexandria looked over at Elena. Elena was moaning and cursing wildly. Elena’s stream had strength and appeared to be never-ending. Elena was desperately grasping at her genitals to get it to stop. Elena’s fingers became soaked as urine ran over them, dribbling all over her skin. Several small streams shot from Elena. Some splattered the rim of the bowl, but most missed altogether. Elena’s stream was messy. It was clearly one of those desperate pees that she was trying extra hard not to take!

Elena had tears in her eyes. But it wasn’t just because she realized her stream was unstoppable. Elena knew she was going to lose. Her mother would be furious! Elena had thought she would live up to her mother’s standards, but maybe she wouldn’t after all… Elena could already hear her mother’s cries… ‘All that training waisted!’ ‘What do you have to say for yourself?’ ‘I do not care that you are twenty-five years old! You are a disgrace to my bladder!’ ‘We do not share the same blood! I would never lose a pee-holding tournament! You take after your father! He had a tiny bladder too!’

Elena just stood there, losing herself and cried.

Alexandria remembered what Elena had told her regarding her parents. ‘At least you know they are proud of you.’ That was true, she did. No matter what, Alexandria knew her parents were proud of her. She saw them now, waving her on and cheering. Alexandria knew what she had to do.

Alexandria relaxed her sphincter and allowed her stream to go full force into the bowl. It was done. Even if Alexandria had wanted to stop it, it was now futile!

“And time! Streams away ladies,” Leonard called. “You… You are not stopping… Either of you.” Leonard smiled as did the crowd and the former competitors now in the audience.

Alexandria moaned with pure delight as she gushed and sprayed her heavy burden away into the piece of fine china.

Elena meanwhile was panting and struggling to regain control. Elena noticed what Alexandria was doing for her and she smiled. Elena managed to stem the flow a couple of times, but her bladder’s needs were just too great. Elena began squirting and squirting and gushing and spraying the bowl as well.

Alexandria’s heavy bulge slowly became lighter as her pee hole twitched and thrashed, sending a torrent down into the bowl. Alexandria could feel her bladder pulsating down in her abdomen. The bowl quickly became heavier and heavier. Dozens of rivers of flowing urine overflowed the bowl and crashed to the floor. The countless streams were soaking Alexandra’s jeans and underwear which she hadn’t bothered to take off completely. Alexander's urine was as clear as water and was odorless as well. Alexander felt countless droplets of pee ricochet off the bowl and dampen her small hedge of trimmed pubic hair. The puddle on the floor began rising as it met with Elena’s puddle.

Elena, meanwhile, had burst her bladder as well. Urine - that was just slightly darker than Alexandria’s - came crashing down into the heavy metal bowl. Just like Alexandria, the urine filled up and flooded out over the sides in a matter of minutes. Elena felt pure relief from having her tightened bladder relax and contract again and again, slowly returning to its normal shape and size. Just like Alexandria, as the pee overflowed the bowl, it sloshed to the ground and soaked Elena’s clothing. A large spray of the golden stuff fired up at her and submerged her t-shirt in warm liquid waste.

Alexandria purposely dropped her heavy urine bowl and allowed it to tumble down her pants and crash to the floor. A tidal wave of urine rushed from the bowl to join the vast puddle forming on the floor below the competitor’s feet. Elena, however, carefully set her overflowing bowl onto her stool and continued to gush. Both women now stood, legs spread, jeans and panties pulled apart under their feet, pants and undies getting flooded in an ocean of piss, the largest puddle yet collecting on the floor below them.

The two giant bladders spent what felt like an eternity getting properly emptied.

Looks of relief washing over Alexandria and Elena’s faces. Their color returned to normal and their bladders shrunk, just as they did for the others.

“Wow, ladies, nicely done!” Leonard had to shout to be heard over the crashing of urine to the floor.

The crowd went wild.

Alexandria and Elena lasted half an hour more before finally drained and much, much happier! But their clothing was totaled.

Still half naked and dripping wet, the two women turned to face each other.

Alexandria cleared her throat and extended her hand. “Good game?”

“It was,” Elena shook. “Nice pubes, by the way.”

“Oh, thank you!” Alexandria gushed.

The crowd cheered and cheered. Alexandria and Elena got the feeling that it wasn’t just the crowd here that was cheering! The whole country saw everything.

While she would never, ever tell them… Alexandria’s parents were right. She did have fun!

*019*2023-04-23 22:43

Here's the final part. Hope the story was enjoyable!

While the janitor spent an extra long time soaking up all the pee split by two jumbo-sized bladders going off at once, Leonard led the crowd, camera, and contestants to another room. There, he bestowed upon them the awards!

Elena and Alexandria soon came back from the restroom, having showered and changed, they were much more energetic and excited to receive their awards.

“Congratulations, Carmen, you won third place!” Leonard handed Carmen a trophy made of bronze. The trophy represented a large bladder, filled to the brim with urine. A plaque below read, ‘Third Place: Carmen Smith. Pee Holding Tournament 2023.’ Everyone applauded for Carmen. Carmen triumphally bowed.

“And now, things get tricky,” Leonard said, once the applause slowed down. “It would appear to me that Alexandria and Elena lost at the exact same time. So…”

“No, we didn’t.” Silence fell. Everyone stared at Alexandria.

“Alex?” Alexandria’s father asked.

“Alexandria, what do you mean?” Leonard wondered.

“It was obvious, wasn’t it?” Alexandria asked. “I lost before Elena! When I lost all control, Elena was still squirting. You said squirts didn’t count. I had a full stream before she did! As badly as I want to win, I am nothing if not a fair competitor! I get second place silver. Elena gets the gold.”

Elena smiled.

Leonard whispered to his assistants. He then faced the audience again. “Well, Alexandria was the closest to Elena when it happened. I shall take her word for it! So, Alexandria won second place and Elena won first!”

The crowd applauded. Alexandria heard her parents going nuts. She rolled her eyes. But she also smiled.

Leonard first handed Alexandria with her second-place trophy and then gave Elena her first-place one. All three trophies looked exactly the same. But gold was the largest and bronze was the smallest with silver in between. They also all had different names on them.

‘Second Place: Alexandria Stevenson. Pee Holding Tournament 2023.’

‘First Place: Elena Johnson. Pee Holding Tournament 2023.’

The crowd bellowed with applause.

“You proud of me?” Melody asked her husband. The crowd had dispersed and everyone was now going about their individual conversations.

Logan’s eyes widened. “Babe?” the bald man cried. “Are you kidding? You entered the contest, drank two and a half gallons, and held for well over seven hours, all with a middle-aged mom bladder! And you came in fifth place!” Logan eagerly shook his wife to get the point across. Melody laughed. “How could I not be proud?” Logan demanded.

“How about we get outta here?” Melody asked. She wiggled her hips up closer to her husband. “We can go home and you can have sex with a bladder champion. What do you say?”

“What do I say…” Logan grabbed a laughing Melody’s arm and dragged her away.

Juliet and Tasha stood, admiring the champions of the pee-holding tournament.

“Well, guess my bladder is bigger than yours,” Tasha said mockingly.

“Ah, don’t get cocky. You only made it to fourth place, Miss,” Juliet exclaimed. “You didn't even get a trophy!”

Tasha shrugged her shoulders. “Ah, who cares? I beat you1 and that was the end goal anyway.”

Juliet grumbled and rolled her eyes. “Can’t wait to see you challenge me again next year!”

“Consider you challenged,” Tasha said smugly, bending down so her face was closer to Juliet’s.

The two best friends shook hands.

Carmen paced the hallway, cell phone wedged in between her neck and her ear, hands running up and down her bronze trophy.

“I know, I know…” Carmen told the woman through her phone. “I’ll be in tomorrow…” Screaming was heard through the phone. “It was my day off, anyway!” Carmen retorted. “And you told me I only had to work two hours today!” More screaming. “Hey,” Carmen snapped. “Watch who you are talking to. I am the third-place bladder champion!” More screaming, twice as violent as before. Carmen chewed her lip, silently kicking herself for snapping at her boss like that. “Sorry, sorry,” Carmen managed. “Just kidding around is all…” More yelling. “Okay… Bye.” Carmen hung up and tucked her phone away.

Carmen held up her trophy, admiring it in the light. It may be bronze, but it was hers. No one - not even her grouchy boss - could make her feel bad about this. Carmen was officially a bladder champion! Carmen has competed in these games for the past three years and this was the first year she won a trophy. Who cared if it was just third place? Carmen was beyond proud of herself! Maybe next year, Carmen could win first! That was on her wish list along with finding a new job.

“Honey, we are so proud of you!” Alexandria’s mother hugged her.

Her father, meanwhile, patted her on the back. “Great job, Alex!”

“Thanks mom, thanks dad,” Alexandria said. “But you know I didn't win, right?”

“So?” Her mother squeezed her tighter. “You still held on longer than most!”

“Plus, you stood up for that other girl and let her win,” her father added.

“That is true, sweetie,” Alexandria’s mom wagged a finger at her father’s excellent point. “We are extra proud of you!” Her mother went to smooching her all over the face.

“Come on, guys, I’m twenty-three years old,” Alexandria squirmed, attempting to break free from her mother’s grip. “I don’t need you guys kissing me in public.”

“Too bad!” her mother shouted. “We love you! Got a problem with that? No? I didn’t think so!”

“And remember too, Alex,” her father said. “I won second place back in my day.”

Alexandria remembered her father telling her this before the competition. It would appear as if both Alexandria and her father won second place in this tournament.

“Now let’s go home and find a place for your trophy, honey,” her mother said as Alexandria left with her parents.

As they left, Alexandria’s father suggested, “Perhaps next to ours.”

Elena waited outside. She waved goodbye to all of her competition as they drove away. Elena wished she had a car. Being twenty-five years old and carless was kind of embarrassing. But even if she did have a car, Elena knew that her mother would have insisted on driving her here anyway.

Speak of the devil, Elena’s mother’s sky-blue Cadillac came speeding up. Elena’s mother stepped out. Her eyes were wide with surprise and bewitchment.

“You won?” She wailed with ecstasy. “Congratulations, Elena!”

“Did you watch from home?” Elena wondered.

“Huh? Oh, no. I was much too busy,” her mother replied.

Elena would have gotten upset or at least felt hurt, but she had a pretty good time anyway. Elena had a pretty good time at the tournament every year. She just wished her mom could be more like Alexandria’s parents and not care if she won or lost.

“I told you that your bladder could do it!” Her mother cried. “You take after me! Big bladders, the two of us! Eight years in a row, wow! Looks like all that training has paid off, huh? How does it feel, hon, to be the eighth-time champion of the pee-holding tournament?”

Elena pondered the question for a moment. Finally, she said the obvious answer… “Honestly, mom,” Elena smiled. “It feels quite relieving!”
