Godly Desperation

Author: UrineLover1

*008*2023-01-21 01:26

It was pointed out that this story only followed one perspective. I figured that would be easier than jumping all over between the perspectives of seven different goddesses. So, I had the story follow Athena around as she is genially the most well-known. But great minds think alike, because I also wished I had done the other perspectives. So, I wrote some quick stories of how the other goddesses relieved themselves.

*Note: We saw Athena and Hestia pee in the story above, so I didn't include them in the following set of short stories.

Aphrodite goddess of love and beauty:

It was a common mistake to take Aphrodite for a weak, defenseless goddess just because she was the goddess of love! A little-known fact about Aphrodite: She loved war! She was in a serious relationship with Ares, the war god for crying out loud! A better-known fact about the goddess of love: She loved conflict! Aphrodite loved to mess with people’s love lives. She made men and women fall in love with one another. She even had powers over the supreme gods, even Zeus himself was her plaything in her game of love!

Bottom line, Aphrodite was powerful. Don’t let her ‘love goddess’ thing fool you for an instant! When Aphrodite wanted to, she could go full Hercules! And she did.

As Aphrodite was clawing at Hera, the bathroom door wide open, relief in sight, Aphrodite’s full bladder inspired her to push with extra strength and might. Still, as she jabbed at Hera, she could feel all the nectar inside her bladder shifting towards the exit. Aphrodite would not have an accident! Inspired by her aching full godly bladder, Aphrodite pushed past Hera and slammed the door shut.

Aphrodite’s hands flew, locking the door. She heard Hera banging furiously on the other side, cursing the love goddess with all of her might. Aphrodite ignored this and faced her precious toilet.

Despite living in ancient Greece, the gods were advanced on Mount Olympus. Aphrodite’s ex-husband, Hephestus invented these things called ‘toilets’ to eliminate waste products. They were made of precious metal and at the bottom there was a bowl, like a chamber pot but larger. (Appropriate for the gods’ bladder sizes). There was water at the bottom of the bowl. The only issue with this design was how much the gods’ bladders stored. A bowl this size would never manage to catch all the liquid the gods produced. Thankfully, however, Hephestus thought of this. The toilets flushed automatically when they reached a certain point.

Aphrodite rounded on the toilet. She spun as fast as Terpsichore (the goddess of dancing). Aphrodite threw her toga up and landed her round butt on top of the bowl. An instant PLOOOUUSH sounded from below the love goddess’ pussy.

Aphrodite moaned in relief. This feeling was ten times better than sex! And Aphrodite should know, given how much sex she’s had in her immortal life.

Aphrodite used her hand to hold her head up, keeping her elbow on her knee. Aphrodite stared ahead at the bronze door. Her vision was swimming from relief. Aphrodite swallowed, relief flooding her mouth.

There was the constant banging from Hera and screaming from the other goddess’ in line, but given how good this release felt, Aphrodite didn’t care in the slightest. It felt oh, too good to free all that wine and nectar from her overfilled bladder. At that moment, Aphrodite didn’t care about anything. She didn’t care about what the other gods thought of her. She didn’t care if Ares found out about her embarrassing moment here. She didn’t care that she stole Hera’s spot in line. On the contrary, she was rather grateful for that last one. Aphrodite just cared about the relief she got! It was sooo good! The steamy pee felt boiling hot against her godly labia. Aphrodite breathed a breath of air and relaxed, knowing she would be here for a while.

One of the bad things about having a nearly endless bladder captivity, however - aside from how long it takes you to void - is that generally speaking, the initial feeling of heavenly relief that makes you want to sing with all nine muses… Yeah, it doesn’t last forever. Aphrodite has been sitting on the toilet for nearly ten minutes now and that first feeling of blessed relief had long since faded. Now, this felt like just a normal pee.

The orgasmic feeling of relief had become a boring feeling of slight comfort now. Aphrodite knew her bladder was nearly drained. Aphrodite must certainly didn’t have the largest bladder on Olympus. But she didn’t have the smallest either.

The entire time she let loose on the bowl, Aphrodite heard the toilet occasionally flush as it filled to the brim with her fluids. Aphrodite tried to count how many times it flushed. She lost tract at three, however. This moment was far too good to soil with math anyway!

As she peed, Aphrodite let slip a few farts, that she would have died if anyone heard. And saying an immortal would die is huge, but in this case, an accurate statement.

Aphrodite felt her stream nearing its end. The sound had dulled down as well. What started as a gigantic waterfall had turned into a trickling creek.

After a few more minutes, Aphrodite’s bladder was nearly drained all the way. Aphrodite - feeling a bit left in there - gave a series of small pushes to get the rest out. At this point, the perky butt of the goddess of love had fallen fast asleep waiting and waiting. Aphrodite’s butt tingled as she stood up at long last, grasped a clay shard and used it to wipe her genitalia, careful not to cut her most sensitive area. Aphrodite set the shard back for someone else to use and laid her toga back in place.

Hearing faint pangs on the door now, Aphrodite looked down at the bowl which was half filled up with her urine. It wasn’t filled up enough to flush automatically, though. Not wishing the others to see her bladder’s contents, she flushed manually. Aphrodite watched in satisfaction as her urine - the exact color of the nectar she had to drink - flush down the pipes.

Aphrodite then went to the sink and took her time fixing her hair and make-up. The other goddess could wait. Right? They would have to. Aphrodite might enjoy a good war, but she doesn’t want to look like she’s been through one! Her hair and make-up needed her attention, pronto!

Hera goddess of marriage and family; Queen of Olympus:

“Stupid Aphrodite,” Hera was cursing under her breath as she staggered into the bathroom and slammed the door shut. “Stupid, Eris. Stupid, everyone,” Hera grunted like an enraged Minotaur. Hera locked the door and rushed for the toilet. She had to constantly move her legs and keep them at her crotch. Otherwise, she risked leaking. And the queen of the heavens did not leak her urine!

Hera threw her toga up and fell backwards onto her new throne. Hera moaned loudly as a yellow jet blasted from in between her legs like a waterfall in between two cliffs. Hera kept her legs spread wide, admiring the gorgeous sight of her pissing godly pussy. Hera smiled in relief as she watched her golden stream fall at a seventy-degree angle and slam against the side of the bowl before rolling down into the water below her. The stream was powerful too. It blasted the bowl with such force, Hera half feared the metal toilet would be cut in half like cheese.

Hera let herself relax, knowing she would be here for some time. Hera’s peacock feather crown began to tilt. Hera allowed it to stay at an awkward angle, too tired to fix it right now.

The relief was nothing like the queen of the gods had ever experienced before. A pee this great was worth all of the troubles in the chaosmos. It was worth Zeus always cheating on her. It was worth that punk, Hercules becoming a god. It was worth creating the fearsome monster Lamia and having the other gods angry with her. And most of all… It was worth the wait!

Hera gushed violently into the bowl. She could feel her godly piss hole throbbing as it forced all of her bladder’s contents out at rapid fire speed. Hera peed so quickly, in fact, that the toilet automatically flushed within thirty seconds of her sitting down.

Hera laid back against the bowl, staring at the ceiling. Hera allowed her eyes to close. She continued to sit with her legs far apart as she went. Being in a private room just to herself, Hera didn’t need to worry about being the proper queen of the gods. She was free to relax and spray the inside of the bowl as she saw fit.

As Hera listened to the full toilet flush again, she grinned, her temper melting away. Hera felt like she died and went to Elysium. And in Elysium, she just could not be angry. It felt too good…

After a rather long time - she had no clue how long - Hera’s stream slowly subsided. Hera pushed a final dribble out. She could feel remaining droplets falling from her lips as she stood. Hera wiped with the clay shard, flushed the bowl one last time, fixed her toga, and washed her hands.

Hera made it to the door. She hesitated a moment. Hera fixed her crowd and flattened the wrinkles out of her dress. Hera quickly wiped her happy-go-lucky smirk off her face and quickly replaced it with her age-old, go-to expression of irritation. She then unlocked the door.

Artemis goddess of the hunt, the moon, and archery:

Artemis flapped her wings as quickly as she could. She felt heavily weighed down from her bladder. She could see it bulging through her bird belly. Artemis felt ready to leak. She knew from past experience that should she pee in bird form; it would come out as that white stuff - pee and poop combined. It was gross!

Artemis saw the forest in sight. She made great time! She could hold it. She was so close now… Still, with a painfully filled up bladder, being this close to relief felt like the distance from Olympus to earth to a mortal’s eye.

Artemis could feel a squirt coming. She knew she made the right choice to go to the forest. She just wished she hadn’t waited so long. Why had she waited so long? Seriously, Artemis should have gone to the forest sooner. And normally, she would have. But she was also slightly afraid of what the other goddesses would think of her. Artemis usually doesn’t care what they think. But she knew those princesses of Olympus would have negative feelings about peeing outside.

Artemis being the goddess of the hunt and by definition, the wilderness too, did her business outside all the time! She found it far more relaxing and enjoyable than using the toilet. And most importantly, it was natural! Besides, the others should be happy! With Artemis stepping out of line to have a wee elsewhere, it was one less goddess they had to wait for. Why the others didn’t give in and join Artemis was beyond her! Poor Hestia had clearly wanted to, but Artemis knew she was bullied into staying by the others. Poor girl.

Regardless, just as the nature goddess feared, the other goddesses thought she was disgusting and weird. ‘Ah, so what?’ she chided herself. ‘Who cares what they think? They’ll probably all piss themselves while my bladder will be nice and drained!’

Artemis felt herself squirt at the thought. She had to hurry!

Artemis touched down in the woods and quickly shapeshifted back into goddess form. Artemis moaned, grabbing herself with one hand as she felt a small trickle escape. Artemis rested the other hand on her stomach and boy, was it swollen! Artemis felt her stomach ready to pop! She quickly darted into the shade of the trees.

Artemis usually peed with her huntresses around. It was weird not to have them. Artemis would have loved for the girls to see her now! After their dumb drinking content, their mistress exploded all over the forest floor. The thought brought a smile to Artemis’ face.

Strangely enough, she also wished that Hippolytus was here. He was one of the two men Artemis had allowed in the hunt. Poor Hippolytus was a good man who was framed for crimes he never committed by his sinister stepmother, Phaedra. Hippolytus was now in the underworld as a ghost. Artemis recalled how he had confided in her about his love of desperation. Of course, as one of her hunters, he swore that - and all other acts of love - off. But Artemis was touched he trusted her to share that with. And would Hippolytus have been overjoyed to see her like this! Barely able to stand up straight.

Finding the perfect spot, the moon goddess lifted her toga and squatted down at the base of a nice fir tree. Artemis’ eyes widened, showing a reflection of her twin brother, Apollo’s sun chariot as the stream started.

Artemis had to go so badly, that even with her powerful urinary system of the gods, only a small stream started. The weak stream pattered into the grass, quiet and dull. But it did not stay small for long. After a count of ten, the stream grew to the size of a cyclops' eye (which were big, by the way) and doused the forest floor.

Artemis rested a hand against her lightly hairy pubic region and pulled it upwards ever so slightly. In turn, Artemis’ vulva was lifted, and the archery goddess’ stream blasted like a river rapid through the air and crashed down into the grass. Despite being a lover of nature, Artemis couldn’t help but smirk as she watched her powerful golden jet flatten down dozens of blades of grass. You can’t do that on the toilet! Artemis was a fool to resist this. She should have used the forest as her bathroom ages ago instead of waiting in that infernal line! It was good to pee and even better to be true to her wild self!

Artemis could not help but move her body back and forth as she squirted. This caused her moon charm to bounce around in between her breasts.

Artemis moaned in delight, letting her head fall back against the tree. And the wild goddess remained squatting there, one hand holding her toga up, the other aiming her stream off in the distance, and her head planted against the fir’s trunk behind her. Gods, this felt great!

Artemis - along with her many other goodly duties - was also the goddess of chastity. That is to say, she made sure those - like herself - who choose maidenhood (or even men that choose bachelorhood like Hippolytus) stayed maidens or bachelors. Still… With a pee this great, it was the closest thing Artemis got to an orgasm. And she could easily see why one would want this feeling all the time. After taking a pee this nice, Artemis had to sympathize with her father, Zeus for always wanting intercourse.

Artemis silently prayed to all the gods, never to let this feeling of ecstasy end! Sadly, like with all great things in life… It did. Not the stream. No, that was still going full force and would be for the foreseeable future. But just like the other gods, the longer she peed, the more the initial feeling of rapture ended.

Artemis’ once mighty piss turned into that of indifference. Artemis’ legs were getting tired of supporting her weight in such a strange position. Artemis jiggled her legs to wake them up. She breathed through her mouth. Now that the joy of finally peeing wore off, Artemis went from I-never-want-this-moment-to-end to please-let-me-stop-peeing.

Artemis’ stream washed away the dirt, so powerful it wiped out everything in its path. Feeling her bladder, Artemis feared she wasn’t even half done. That was a lot of water she drank at the contest with her hunters. Add that to everything else she consumed since whenever she peed last, she had a lot bottled up.

Artemis lost track of time. But she noticed Apollo was setting in the distance. Apollo’s sun chariot going down was enough to cause darkness to begin to overtake the forest. Artemis wondered if Apollo could see her from his sun chariot in the sky. Artemis was almost tempted to wave. But she knew Apollo would just make some dumb joke about this later, so it was probably best if he didn’t see her! At least when Apollo teased Artemis, it was a loving twin thing. That was far more than she could say for when the fellow goddesses did it.

The stream soon stopped completely. Artemis - realizing she had nothing to wipe with - used her powers to grow a small bush right next to her and she used its leaves to soak up the moisture trapped between her all powerful (and unused) labia.

Artemis stood and adjusted her toga.

The moon goddess looked down at the very wet grass she created. There was a gigantic circle, ten feet in diameter - where the grass remained flat against the ground, dripping wet with shining beads of goddess piss. Artemis refused to leave the forest like this. She waved her hand over it and then snapped. The grass instantly leveled out and grew back to its full height and beyond. The forest was better than ever! Plus, Artemis knew that godly urine had magical properties. The surrounding trees and plants should grow bigger and better than ever in no time!

In the meantime, Artemis turned, and proudly walked away. As her sandals slapped against the grassy rub beneath her, Artemis smiled, wondering what the other goddesses would think when they saw Artemis again. And she really didn’t care.

Artemis was so happy, she decided to walk all the way back to Mount Olympus.

Demeter goddess of agriculture:

Demeter charged into the bathroom faster than a Cretan bull. She slammed the door, and her fingers flew over the lock.

Demeter grasped her crotch, feeling a small dribble fall from her labia and roll down her legs, lightly wetting her toga.

Gasping, Demeter rushed to the toilet, raising her toga as she went. Demeter’s butt wasn’t even all the way down by the time the tide erupted from her.

Demeter finally landed on the bowl, moaning with bliss as days’ worth of pee cascaded from her and splashed down into the water far below her. Demeter just imaged the water changing color from clear to yellow. She moaned and grunted, slamming her head against the wall in total gratification.

Demeter’s chest puffed in and out as her godly lungs went into hyperdrive. The sound echoing off the marble walls was that of a thunderstorm mixed with a tsunami. The Atticans thought they had it rough when Poseidon flooded their city state. Oh, no, Demeter was flooding the toilet bowl! Demeter could feel the level of her hot piss rise and rise as more was added to it every millisecond.

Demeter heard the toilet automatically flush under her as she continued raining down into it, her piss trumpeting off the walls of the bowl as the water turned a deep yellow and shot towards the top.

Demeter was happier than a farmer to awaken and find their crops had grown. Demeter suddenly found that she would rather be here, peeing than anywhere else in the world. Even on a farm harvesting wheat stalks! If only the crops were able to taste Demeter’s piss. She beat they would shoot so far up, not even Bellerophon would be able to reach the top on Pegasus.

Demeter closed her eyes and imagined the field. Rows upon rows of wheat, cabbage, turnips, barley, onions, garlic, all arranged neatly among the plains. Then, a rainstorm brew above. But rather than normal rainwater, it rained pee. Godly piss falling from the heavens. Demeter always loved rain. It made the crops grow. But how she wished her magical urine was showering the crops. How she wished the toilet was a field of fruits and veggies, just waiting to be showered in her gold.

The nectar inside Demeter’s bladder drained while the urine level in the toilet went up. Demeter - realizing she was still holding her scythe, placed it gently on her knees and smiled down at it as - what felt like the entire Mediterranean Ocean surge through her pussy lips and hiss against the water. The toilet kept flushing every now and again and the grain goddess kept pissing.

Around the three-quarter mark, Demeter’s once overwhelmingly solace feeling of bliss now lowered into a moderate comfortable feeling of joy, soon to be nothing more than a mediocre wee.

Demeter scratched her eye. Her stream was never ending. The toilet flushed again. Demeter’s butt was fast asleep as were her feet. Demeter heard screaming from the other side of the door. She felt bad for the other goddess, but what could she do? Her pee wasn’t over yet.

Demeter listened as her stream began to slow down gradually over the course of her twenty-minuet urination. The stream went from PLLLLLLOOOOSH to PLLLLLAAAT to PLLSS to OOOOPPP to HIssssss to Triiicklle and finally drip, drip, drop…

Demeter wiped with a shard, stood and fixed her yellow and green toga. Demeter washed her hands and hurried out of the bathroom to give the next goddess in line a chance.

Persephone goddess of spring; Queen of the Underworld:

Persephone darted into the restroom, slamming the door behind her. Having been forced to walk in poor Hestia’s hecatoncheir sized puddle, Persephone’s immortal bladder could no longer stand the pressure. Even as she ran, Persephone was peeing. She hadn’t completely lost control like the hearth goddess outside the door; however, Persephone had a strong river of urine running down her left leg. She had to keep both hands wedged far down in the folds of her robes to keep from letting every last drop out. The front of Persephone’s robes were soaked. She had already expelled a lot of urine. And she was still somehow holding back the main event.

Persephone was furious with her mother for not letting her cut in line. Sure, Persephone never asked. But she was Demeter’s daughter! It should have been implied! Demeter always told Persephone that she was her favorite daughter. Clearly not when her own bladder was concerned!

Still leaking a constant stream down her leg, Persephone plopped down on the bowl, barely pulling her robes to the side before her tired sphincter gave in. The loudest stream Persephone ever heard bounded off the walls. The walls in this otherwise quiet room were just as echoey as they were in the underworld.

Persephone’s stream of former pomegranate juice blasted down into the toilet water with a satisfying hissss. Her stream was as steamy as the River Phlegethon - the river of fire down in the underworld. Persephone smelled the sweet scene of pomegranate in her liquid waste. That made her smile even farther. Persephone suddenly had a strange desire to taste her stream. Did it still taste like pomegranate or a hint of them at least? They sure smelled like Persephone’s favorite fruit.

Persephone looked down to see the gigantic yellow waterfall splashing down from her shivering labia. Persephone’s labia lips were - interestingly enough - as pitch black as the darkest parts of the underworld. Persephone always secretly wondered if it was a coincidence, or did her labia indicate it was fate that she married the king of the underworld.

How Persephone wished Hades was here now. Persephone knew the other gods - more specifically, her mother disapproved of her relationship with Hades for… Reasons… But the fact of the matter is, Persephone had a great relationship with the king of the dead.

Persephone was currently trying to convince her husband to mix things up in the bedroom. She only saw him for four months out of the year. She wanted every second of them to be enjoyable for both of them. One of Persephone’s suggestions was golden showers. Hades wasn’t into it. He wasn’t into much. But he agreed to do it to make her happy.

Persephone imagined, instead of a toilet, she was peeing all over her lover's - usually gloomy - face. That made her smile and she even burst into a fit of hilarious giggles right there on the toilet.

Persephone feared she might have snapped from waiting so long. She cackled and cracked up like she never laughed before. Persephone just chortled like never before.

Persephone’s cackling fit was interrupted by a powerful knock on the door. Athena sounded ready to break the door down.

From the opposite side of the bronze, Athena called, “Hey, Persephone, almost done in there?”

“Not even close!” Persephone breathed back, doing her best to steady her voice. Persephone felt a little bad for Athena, but she was so relieved, she hardly cared.

The banging of the gray eyed goddess’ fist on the door stopped abruptly. Persephone pondered this for a split second, then returned to her feeling of bliss.

While her bladder spent an age voiding, Persephone felt her robes. They were very damp at the crotch. Persephone had wet herself a great deal. But at least she got the majority of it in the bowl.

Persephone frowned at her wet rags. But she took comfort in the fact that they had already begun the drying process.

Persephone hissed into the bowl for Zeus knows how long! After an eternity and many automatic flushes of the bowl, Persephone’s bladder finally ran dry. She stood and wiped with clay. She adjusted her robes back into place and washed her hands, trying to go quick fro Atehna’s sake.

But to her immense surprise, the wisdom goddess wasn’t there. Huh, that was odd. Perhaps the wisdom goddess found some place else to pee. Or perhaps she totally wet herself. Oh, well. At least Persephone made it out… Damp. Better than wet though!

Persephone turned and, slightly damp, went back to the Dionysus' party.

