Untitled Gravity Falls Fic (Reupload)

Author: Useless Guy

*000*2025-01-27 06:39

Pacifica really didn’t know how she got herself into these things.

As the twins returned to Gravity Falls every year since that first fateful summer, the well-off girl had taken to sneaking off on outings with them whenever her parents disappeared on a “business” trip. She wanted to experience life as a normal person instead of a trophy...but quickly learned she may have chosen the wrong role models.

Case in point, the movie night that had somehow become a hike through the woods. Something had shut off water to the Mystery Shack, and once it was clear it had hit the entire town, the Mystery Twins had insisted on fulfilling their namesake. “You do realize it’s probably just something stuck in the pipe, right?”

“A blockage wouldn’t make the water flow uphill.” Dipper countered. “It’s either something with hydrokinetic powers or...maybe another gravity anomaly? Were there any tragic accidents on the site of the reservoir?”

Annd there he goes. Pacifica knew from experience that once Dipper got going like this, he was pretty much unreachable. “It’s a good thing his rambling is so endearing...Wait, what? Do I…find Dipper cute?”

Before she could examine that train of thought too closely, it was derailed by a twinge from her bladder. Abruptly, Pacifica realized she had neglected to visit the powder room before meeting up with the twins, or really at any point since this morning. She wasn’t worried though: between her parent’s strict etiquette training, their lavish all-day dinner parties, and a few incidents of overindulgence with the champagne taps, she was accustomed to holding it for long periods of time. This was fine.

“When I inherit the fortune and buy all this land, the first thing I’m going to do is build rest stops!” Pacifica complained internally. It had only been half an hour at most, but her need had grown much faster than expected. “There must have been something diuretic in that concoction Mabel gave me...besides enough caffeine to kill a horse.” Pacifica shivered as her bladder complained yet again. “Make that two horses.”

“How much longer to the reservoir?” She asked, playing up the snark to hide her discomfort. “I do have better things to do than fight a water wizard or whatever.”

“Oooh! Do you think it might actually be a bender?” Mabel chimed in. “Remind me to show Paz that show when we get back.”

With that, she launched into a preemptive explanation of one of the cartoons Pacifica had never been allowed to watch. She was grateful for the distraction...until Mabel retold her childhood journey to master the element of water.

But no matter how bad things got, Pacifica wasn’t going to make her friends go all the way back to the Shack just because she needed could use a pee break. Expanding horizons or not, she was still a Northwest, and Northwests weren’t weak.

Still, no one would notice if she crossed her legs a little bit, right?

“This is getting serious. I don’t think I’ve had to go this bad since I was six!”

By now, Pacifica had taken to walking behind the twins, subtly grabbing at her skirt and bouncing slightly in place whenever they stopped. She had taken all these measures during the aforementioned photo shoot all those years ago, and eventually graduated to full on squirming and holding. And in the end, it still hadn’t been enough…

“Do NOT think of that!” She yelled at herself. That day, she had sworn never to wet herself again, but her bladder didn’t care about the context. She just barely managed to get her urge under control as Dipper stopped to investigate a small natural stream.

“Look at this.” He called to Mabel. “This little spring isn’t affected by the anomaly. Whatever this is, it’s going after the town specifically.”

“I’d have beef with the town too if I lived at the reservoir.” Mabel agreed. “All those people sapping my water to take baths and flush toilets.”

“Did you HAVE to mention toilets?” Pacifica screamed internally. Out loud however, she only said “Are you sure we’re going the right way?”

Dipper squinted “Wait a second. This isn’t the reservoir, it’s a coffee stain! Mabel!”

“Grunkle Ford said it was a bonding moment!”

“We’ll have to backtrack to Greasy’s and get a new map.” Dipper decided.

“I can work with that.” Sure, there may not be any water at the moment, but there had to be one clean toilet, right?

“Nope! Nope nope nope!”

There was not.

One entirely too long conversation with Lazy Susan later, a still unrelieved Pacifica was climbing as best she could toward the reservoir. By this point, every step was sending shockwaves through her bladder. Half of her brain was screaming at her to sprint back to the nearest bathroom, while the other let her know sprinting was a really bad idea.

“I can hold it. I CAN hold it. Just think of dry things.”

“Travel song! 99 bottles of Pitt on the wall, 99 bottles of Pitt!”

Seriously?!

Finally, finally, they reached the reservoir. Dipper motioned the girls to hide in a clump of bushes, giving them the perfect vantage point for the impossible (and for one of them, painful) sight before them.

The reservoir’s exit area was completely dry, blocked of by a wall of water as if Moses himself was on the shore. The rest of the fluid was eerily calm, and standing knee deep in it was-

“Are those unicorns?” Mabel asked with uncharacteristic disgust.

“No, they’re nokks. Scandinavian water spirits that look like horses.” Dipper whispered in awe. “How on earth did they get to Gravity Falls?”

“And how does that help us get the water back?” Pacifica hissed.

“Shh! Something’s happening!”

As the trio watched, the water went from staying in place to outright defying gravity, concentrating into a boulder sized sphere a few feet above the lake. It swelled, then burst (Pacifica stiffened at the sound) and out fell a wobbly baby nokk.

“That explains it! They recalled the town’s water because they needed it to reproduce!” Dipper had scarcely finished his sentence when his eyes widened. He whirled to face Mabel, just in time to catch the reaction the foal had provoked.

“EEEEEEE! It’s ADORABLE!”

The wall of water collapsed, splashing the twins and nearly causing Pacifica to get even wetter. Predictably, every single nokk turned to face the sound, and charged.

“Come on Paz! Move! Use those heavily insured legs!” Mabel urged as the trio took off running. Dipper quickly veered off in another direction, attempting to lead the enraged herd away from the girls. Pacifica barely managed to register how chivalrous this was before Mabel, apparently with a plan of her own, hooked her arm around the other girl’s waist.

“What are you-”

“GRAPPLING HOOK!”

The aforementioned hook found it’s mark, and the two girls were yanked off the ground, swinging wildly off the trail and scrabbling into a small gap in the trees. Pacifica was so terrified throughout the entire ordeal, she momentarily forgot all about her bladder.

“Ahh!”

But now she remembered.

Mabel whipped around at the noise to find her frenemy nearly doubled over in pain, an expression of mingled fear and shame on her face. “What’s the-ohh..” Realization dawned on her face. “Do you need to pee?”

“I-” Pacifica gritted her teeth, crossing her legs even tighter as another wave of urgency hit her. “OK, fine. Yes, I have to pee. What do you want me to do about it?”

Mabel didn’t seem concerned. “That’s where I come in! Wendy taught me how to pee outside the first year we came here!”

“Outside?” Pacifica repeated, aghast. “I-I can’t! What would my parents say?!”

“What would they say if you wet yourself?” Mabel meant the question rhetorically, but Pacifica already knew the answer to that question. “I know it’s embarrassing,” she continued, “but you don’t look like you have a choice.”

She was right, as usual. In this state, Pacifica doubted she could make it past the reservoir again, let alone back into town. Thank goodness Dipper isn’t here.

“If you tell anyone about this, I’ll sue you for slander.” She told Mabel seriously. “Walk me through it.”

“Well first you pull down your-”

“I know that!”

“No, I mean all the way down, in case you….miss.”

“I’m not going to-” Pacifica cut herself off again to fight off a surge. “Fine. Don’t you dare look!”

Mabel obediently turned around as Pacifica stripped and picked a tree. “Now you thrust your hips forward, and spread your…” She trailed off awkwardly. Thankfully, Pacifica understood.

Mabel expected her well off friend to have some trouble relaxing, but within a few seconds the tell-tale dribbling noise started, quickly gaining intensity and mingling with a quiet moan of relief. She must have been at her limit. Mabel thought. And judging from the sound, it’s a lot higher than mine.

This unorthodox bonding moment went on for about thirty seconds, the calls of nature mingling with the sound of Nature’s Call. Then, abruptly, a new sound appeared: Hoofbeats.

The nokks were back.

“Paz! Paz! The nokks are following the sound! You gotta stop!” Mabel whispered urgently, watching the entrance to the clearing in a panic.

“I can’t!” Pacifica grimaced. She struggled to close the floodgates, only for her stream to force itself out seconds later. What kind of a Northwest was she? Her friends were in mortal danger, and she couldn’t even get her own body to cooperate!

“Honestly, that makes you a PERFECT Northwest.” A nasty voice whispered, sending her back to days of angered parents and ringing bells.

Shut up!

With a final push of effort, the heiress managed to stem the flow. Shaking as she struggled against her brief taste of release, she pulled her clothes back up and joined Mabel in scanning the treeline. Silence.

“OK.” Mabel started. “Let’s go further in and find another place for you to-”

Whoom

Mabel’s ears popped as a massive wave of water swept her and Pacifica off her feet. Dimly, she realized the nokks must have combined their aqueous bodies into one massive flood.

She hated it when monsters merged together.

Down the current the girls went. Mabel repeatedly struggled to the surface, only for a sudden whirlpool to drag her back down before she could get more than a gasp of air. Her lungs burned, and her vision blurred.

“I’m sorry, unfavorite stuffed animals.”

Abruptly, the maelstrom switched course, calming just enough to let the girls get air. Mabel squinted at the smudge ahead of her, blinking the water out of her eyes.

Wait. That smudge was Dipper.

Riding a nokk.

And Pacifica was just...staring at him.

“OOOOOH!”

Mabel didn’t stop grinning until she was dumped onto dry land, the amalgamation of spirits diving into that weird glowing lake in the woods. “That was amazing! How did you tame them?”

Dipper shrugged. “Turns out they really like cheese curds.”

Abandoning all restraint, Mabel ran up and hugged her genius brother as hard as she could. Pacifica looked no less happy to be alive, but hung back from physical contact, blushing.

“Shipshipshipship! They’ll have a spring wedding and-”

“Wait, she’s not fidgeting anymore.”

Scowling, Pacifica marched over and punched Dipper in the arm. “Your little mystery hike almost got us killed. When-no, if we do this again, I pick the activity, got it?”

As Dipper promised to make this up to his “friend,” the unlikely trio headed home. True to her word, Mabel didn’t mention the other source of moisture on Pacifica’s clothes.

