Godly Desperation - Page 2

Author: UrineLover1

*025*2023-03-30 03:59

{{1 hour ago, warham1995 said:

How about frigg and freya seductively asking thor to not let them pee when they are at a dinner at odin's palace.

}}

That's a good idea! As mentioned before in this thread, I have written a ton of Greek mythology stories. I'm probably going to post them before adding this one. Unless I decide to mix things up and go back and forth between mythologies. I might do that actually if you think it's a good idea. Post a few Greek stories and then Norse and Egyptian and so on. That way it's more diverse!

*031*2023-03-30 20:12

{{15 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Would you be open to goddesses intentionally holding their pee and getting turned on by people watching them?

}}

I sort of did this concept with Iris the rainbow goddess. Iris loves omorashi and has fun with a full bladder. Her husband, Zepheryus even gets in on the fun and fools around with Iris and her swollen bladder. I'll post this story next!

*032*2023-03-31 21:25

This next story is about Iris the messenger goddess and goddess of the rainbow. Enjoy! 🙂

PS, this story contains female masturbation and ejaculation. So, here's your warning!!!!

Iris soared through the skies, her golden wings flapping like a dove’s as she went into a nosedive toward the earth. Iris chewed her lip and adjusted her mail sack. She shoved a hand down deep into her rainbow-patterned skirt and held it with all of her godly strength. Poor Iris was at the point where she had to fly with her legs held as tight together as the snakes of Hermes’ staff. And yet, Iris was loving every second of this.

The rainbow goddess just adored sailing through the air, feeling the breeze in her wings and along her back, and feeling her heavy, bulging bladder weigh her down. In all of her immortal years, Iris has never told anyone her secret. But the rainbow goddess was deeply into, what the mortals called, omorashi. There was no better feeling to Iris than the fullness of a rock-hard bladder. Iris could feel her godly bladder shove down on her sphincter with all its might. The feeling was enough to make Iris’ irises roll back in her head.

Iris used her rainbow staff - the one that controlled light - and stuffed it in between her legs like a wizard riding a broomstick. Iris held her staff there, unintentionally making an arch of color in the sky behind her.

Iris bunched up her multicolored skirt, enjoying the feeling of almost wetting. One of the problems with being a goddess, it takes a long time to fill up. Even longer to become desperate. And while that is normally a blessing, for one into omorashi, it is a curse. Iris had to wait over eleven days now for her bladder to get this full. The wait was the most annoying thing ever! But knowing what lies beyond the rainbow, so to speak, Iris would happily wait weeks to become desperate every time.

And so, Iris continued her daily messages for Hera. Iris spotted her target. Hating to have to hide her desperation - but also wanting to be professional - Iris squeezed her muscles as tight as they would go, removed her staff from under her skirt, and shot down towards the mortal world.

Iris sat in a mortal chair, slyly shifting her weight around. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, hoping her mortal host wouldn’t notice her discomfort.

Inachus looked over the scroll Iris had delivered to him. Iris waited as patiently as possible in her small chair as the King of Argos’ eyes had their fill of the words given to him by the rainbow goddess. At long last, Inachus muttered, “Unbelievable…”

Iris feared the king would have this reaction. But at the present moment, Iris also feared not staying dry! The rainbow goddess squirmed and squirmed, and said, “Everything okay, my lord,” knowing very well it was not. It felt strange calling a mortal ‘lord’, but Iris wanted to be respectful.

“Hera has informed me that that blasted sea god, Poseidon is not budging,” King Inachus snarled. “That dumb god dried up all of my land’s water, you know.” Iris nodded. As the messenger of Hera, she already knew this story. But again, for the sake of being polite, she pretended she hadn’t a clue what was going on. “All because my kingdom decided to make Hera our patron god over Poseidon,” Inachus grunted.

“Poseidon is a sore loser,” Iris mentioned. “Just ask Athena.” Iris shifted a laugh which only put added pressure on her submerged pelvis.

“Well,” Inachus’ attention turned back to his scroll. “Hera has tried to convince Poseidon to give us our water back. We need that water. It allows us to fish and travel around Greece. That water is important! And now, all the springs, lakes, rivers, even the sea, all gone! Nothing but soil!”

Iris swallowed hard, the only thing she could do to keep herself from moaning. Iris’ legs were crossed in a double knot, her feet hanging over one another, and her whole body twisted more times than the Gordian Knot. Oh, why oh, why did Iris’ task have to deal with water of all things! The Fates either hated Iris or liked her and wanted to make her desperation more severe. Normally Iris would have loved that, but she didn’t want to lose her godly ocean right in the center of King Inachus’ throne room.

“Hera says Poseidon isn’t budging and refuses to give us back our water,” the king complained, eyes down on parchment. Each time King Inachus used the W-word, Iris felt a squirt push against her sealed sphincter. “Now Hera says, if we want our water back, we must promise to build Poseidon, a temple where the tide ebbs the shore.” Inachus angrily rolled up the scroll. “This land was supposed to be dedicated to Hera, not Poseidon,” the king said in fury, shaking his scroll around. “Poseidon is such a…”

Iris cleared her throat loudly, likely saving the king more headaches down the line. “Careful what you say about the divine,” Iris advised, looking to the high ceiling.

Inachus blushed. “Right,” he coughed into his fist and said, “Iris, please tell Hera that - against my own free will - I accept to Posiedon’s terms.”

“Excellent,” eager to leave, Iris leaped to her sandals. The rainbow goddess quickly realized her mistake when her body rocked with desperation. Iris nearly fell back down. She was well aware of her bladder bulging from her toga. Iris briefly debated asking the king to use the restroom of his palace. Only the rich had restrooms in their home, and King Inachus was certainly rich! Iris was a guest in his home, after all. It was only proper etiquette. But Iris knew with her godly bladder, she would fill up the entire toilet before even being a quarter empty. She refused to do that to the kind king. She just hoped he didn’t notice her dilemma. Just in case, the rainbow goddess held her staff in front of her. She knew it was far too skinny to hide her bulge, but it was better than nothing.

Iris could not help but jiggle her legs behind her. She held one foot to her crotch and bowed to King Inachus as best she could. The king bowed back.

“Thank you for everything, my lady of the rainbow,” Inachus said.

“You are quite welcome,” Iris replied. “Good luck with your… Water situation…” Iris knee her face cringed on the second to last word, but Inachus thankfully didn’t appear to notice.

“Thank you,” he said, returning to his throne. “I cannot wait to get my kingdom’s water back.”

As she left, Iris muttered to herself, “You wish to get your water back, I wish to get my water out!” That line alone caused Iris’ clitoris to swell to the size of a pomegranate.

Iris returned to Olympus and gave Hera the news. Iris kept her legs laced the entire conversation and continuously twirled her staff to distract herself.

“Excellent,” Hera said. “I shall inform Posiedon right now. I am so happy to put this whole water business behind us.”

Iris cringed again. Ironically, she was beginning to feel the exact same way. “Well,” the rainbow goddess turned. “If that is all, then I will just…”

“Hold on,” Hera stood from her throne.

Iris froze. “That is what I am trying to do,” she grunted to herself.

“I have one last task for you for the day,” Hera said.

“But Hera… My lady… I thought that was my final task!” Hera had already told Iris this was her final task for the day. Iris had been overjoyed! She already had her desperate masturbation session planned in her head. She seriously didn’t want to have to do anything else!

“Zeus requests you deliver a message to Tartarus,” Hera informed.

Tartarus? On a full bladder? Iris panicked. “Get Hermes to do it,” Iris snapped, ruder than she intended.

“Hermes has his own tasks,” Hera replied. “And anyway, Zeus figured you would be the best person to do this.”

Iris grunted, irritated. She was so ready to return to her bedroom and finger herself until she burst. But it looked like she would have to wait a little longer.

“Fine,” grunted the rainbow goddess. “Who is the message for?”

Hera then said something Iris least expected. “Arke, you know… Your twin sister.”

Iris wished she could say she would have protested more. But no one argues with Hera. And even if Iris was feeling argumentative, those feelings would have vanished upon hearing who the recipient of this message was.

And so, the rainbow goddess locked her legs together and flapped her wings as fast as they would go. Iris shot straight down into the city-state of Attika and right into the mouth of the cave in the Parnes Mountains. Iris instantly heard the babbling and wailing of the River Acheron, the River of Pain. There came the unmistakable sounds of the dead begging Iris to jump into the river with them and share their misery. But after having traveled to the underworld countless times before, Iris has gotten pretty good at tuning them out. But this time, in particular, it was easy to tune them out. Iris’ bladder was screaming so loudly, she hardly heard a word the river said. She did, however, hear the currents gently gurgling along their path.

Iris stitched her legs even tighter. Despite her bad situation, Iris quite loved this moment. The fullness of her bladder was pressing down extra hard onto her vulva. At that moment, Iris’ clitoris was almost as sensitive as her bladder… Almost.

Iris soared deeper into the underworld. She glided above the River Styx and past the Judgment Pavilion. She soon flew over the Fields of Punishment. There came the screams of hundreds of tortured souls. Iris soon made her way down the pit and found herself flapping down into Tartarus.

The air of Tartarus was foul. It smelled of sulfur. Almost like old urine. That thought did not improve the state of Iris’ bladder. Fires burned across a field of broken glass and torn apart bones. Screams filled the thick air and monster howls were as loud as Dionysus’ drunken banquets.

Once in hell, Iris quickly located the prison cells. Iris - having visited her twin sister once before - found her cell rather quickly.

Sitting with her back facing the bars, was a dark goddess with silver wings and a black toga. Her skin was even more tan than Iris’ and her hair flowed in a fountain of chocolate, different from Iris’ blonde. Despite being twin sisters, Iris and Arke looked nothing alike. They acted nothing alike either.

“Hey,” Iris spoke up.

Arke owl turned her head. “Well, well, well, look who is here. Twin sister, kiss up to Zeus!” Arke lifted herself up and flapped her wings over to the bars.

“I am not Zeus’ kiss-up,” Iris snarled.

“Oh, that’s right. Hermes is Zeus’ kiss-up. You, dear sister, are the kiss-up to Hera. How silly of me!” Arke slapped her noggin like she was unable to believe how ridiculous she had sounded a moment ago.

“You are one to talk,” Iris sniffed. “You supported Kronos in the war! I may be Zeus and Hera’s kiss up, but you were a pretty big kiss up to Kronos!”

“Kronos was the right side to be on.”

“Kronos ate his children!”

“Yeah, well, maybe his children deserved it.”

Iris knew it was pointless to argue with Arke. Her twin sister had a way of winning disputes. And so, Iris ended the argument with, “Just know this, Arke… You can say what you want, but the fact of the matter is, while you are alone down here in your prison inside Hell itself, I am up there, serving the gods as their loyal messenger. The gods were so pleased with how I delivered messages for them during the war, they wanted me to be their messenger on a daily basis! Meanwhile, you acted as Kronos’ messenger for the titans. And the titans lost and here you are in prison while I party with the gods!”

To Iris’ surprise, Arke didn’t have a rebuttal. Arke just kept her back to the cell door, folded her arms, and floated a few feet off the ground. Arke looked back at Iris, her eyes filled with sorrow. Iris truly hated to see her sister like this. Arke was her twin sister after all. But Arke had taken the side of the titans during the Titanomachy. And maybe the gods are not the nicest of people, the titans were pretty bad themselves. Iris still supported the gods just as much as Arke supported the titans. Both sisters knew they supported bad people - but given both sides were kind of evil in their own ways - they were each still happy with the side they had picked all those years ago.

“Do you have meaning for your visit,” Arke snapped at her twin sister.

Iris fished around in her mail bag and produced a scroll which she continued to unroll. The rainbow goddess read aloud, “‘Arke, in response to your request to be set free, the Council of Olympian Gods has decided to deny such a request and allow you to stay in Tartarus. During the events of the Titanomachy, you betrayed the gods’ trust by sneaking away from their camp and joining Kronos and his allies. You acted as Kronos’ messenger and did everything within your power to grant the gods’ worst enemy victory of the war. We fear you have not yet grown out of these evil characteristics. Therefore, we shall be keeping you in Tartarus for the unforeseeable future.’”

Iris expected Arke to throw a tantrum. Honestly, Iris probably would have been in her position. Instead, Arke kept her cool and simply said, “Was it necessary to read all that aloud? Why not just tell me the gods are keeping me here?”

Iris rolled up the scroll and pocketed it in her satchel. “I suppose I could have. But Hera told me to read the scroll, so…”

Arke then said something Iris had not expected… “How are mom and dad?”

Iris flinched. She had no idea Arke cared. Then again, they are her parents as well. Of course, she cared. “Good,” Iris replied. “Dad recently discovered a new type of coral that glows in the dark, and mom created a new hue of cloud.” Iris and Arke’s father, Thaumas god of the wonders of the sea, was always discovering new… Wonders of the sea! And their mother, Electra was one of Oceanus and Thetys’ three thousand daughters. Electra was also the goddess of amber-tinted clouds and loved to invent new colors and hues of cloud. Yeah, Iris and Arke had two thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine aunts. A big family to say the least!

“How are the harpies,” Arke asked, referring to her and Iris’ sisters.

“Good,” Iris replied. “You know them… Like stealing food from mortals. Zeus actually recently gave them a job. He wants them to steal food from this one mortal named Phineas.”

“Yikes, what did he do?”

“Phineas is a son of Poseidon and he has the gift of prophecy. He told the mortals what the gods were planning. Zeus got angry and blinded him. He also told our sisters to steal all of Phineas’ food and leave him only enough to survive.”

“Zeus is rather forgiving, isn’t he?”

“Hey, I never said Zeus was a kind man,” Iris retorted.

“Well, good for our sisters anyway. Now those bird ladies can do what they do best, steal food! I remember how they always took my sandwiches.”

Iris smirked. “Yeah, you made sandwiches that stretched to the heavens!”

“With extra pickles and mustard.”

“And our sisters would constantly snatch them from you before you even took a bite!”

“That is one of the key reasons I switched to Kronos’ side,'' Arke joked.

“What? He promised you endless sandwiches.”

“He promised me my sisters would stop stealing my food,” Iris shot back.

The twins laughed, just like old times, just like before the Titan War even started.

Arke’s smile came and went like the rays of the sun. Arke stared at her sister, legs crossed under her, hands holding those tired legs up, a bulge around her stomach area. Arke’s face finally settled upon a grin.

“Are you in the middle of a hold?” Arke demanded.

Iris knew it was pointless to fib at this point. Arke could see everything. Plus, despite their differences, Arke was Iris’ sister. And Arke was the only one that knew of the rainbow goddess’ fetish.

“Kinda,” Iris curled her legs and held them close so she hovered above the ground in a ball.

Arke held her head back and hollered with giggles. “Oh, sis, haven’t changed a bit,” Arke laughed. “How long has this been going on?” Arke wagged a finger up and down in between the bars to indicate Iris’ present situation.

“Like eleven days.”

“Eleven days, wow,” Arke breathed. Arke playfully swung around on the bars of her cell. “Are you gonna be able to hold it?”

“I’m gonna try…”

“You better hold it!” Arke warned sharply. “You are a big goddess. Big goddesses don’t pee themselves, now. Plus, as I understand it, dear sister, you are on the clock. You can’t wet yourself! Imagine Zeus and Hera’s reactions… Flying back to Olympus, your skirt completely soaked and reeking of urine. The gods might stick you in diapers. If they can’t trust you to hold your bladder, how can they trust you to deliver their mail!”

Iris knew the gods wouldn’t fire her just for having some incontinence. But it would be humiliating, nonetheless. Iris kind of enjoyed having Arke tease her. It was just like the days before the Titan War. Iris would hold her pee as a way to arouse herself, and Arke - the only one that knew - would taunt her.

“I miss you,” Iris admitted. “Why did you have to support the titans?”

Arke shrugged. “They seemed like the right side. At least with the titans, they have been around forever. We knew exactly how they acted. We had no idea what issues these new gods would bring with them. Zeus is always sexually assaulting people. Hera is a murderer. Poseidon dries up water and makes people go thirsty. Demeter starves the world just because she had a bad day. Aphrodite makes mortals and gods go crazy. I could go on. The titans are bad, sure, no one is saying they are the good guys. But at least we know what problems they brought with them.”

Iris hated to admit it, but that kind of made sense. Arke was always afraid of change.

“I had no idea you requested to be set free,” Iris said. “I’m sorry Zeus and the others turned you down.”

“Yeah, well,” Arke looked away. “I didn’t exactly think they would let me out. But I’ve gotten used to a life in Tartarus. Maybe one day the gods will set me free. In the meantime, tell mom, dad, and the harpies I said hi. You should go now.” Arke looked her sister up and down like a hero does to a monster. That comparison made Iris’ stomach churn and her bladder lurch towards the exit. “I suppose,” Arke snickered. “You have some enjoyment to get to!”

It was hard to enjoy herself now after seeing her twin sister still locked up in Tartarus. But Iris would try. Iris flew back to Olympus at the speed of visible light on the spectrum. Leaving a trail of rainbow behind her, Iris zipped from Tartarus out of the underworld across the mortal plains and back to Olympus. Iris flew straight into her sleeping chambers and slammed the door shut. She locked it and quickly fumbled with her skirt and toga.

The fast movements made Iris’ bladder beg to be released. The rainbow goddess felt a few drops roll past her fatigued sphincter muscle. Her bladder was hammering in her abdomen like Hephestus’ tools on metal. Iris had to keep her legs closed the entire time as she stripped naked.

Iris threw her staff and clothing in a pile at the foot of her bed. She slipped her toga over her wings and tossed it to the floor. Thinking ahead, Iris had already set out a mountain of towels before leaving for work this morning. Knowing Iris’ godly bladder, these towels wouldn’t be nearly enough to soak up all of her liquid. But they were better than nothing. Iris knew the cleanup would suck. But she didn’t care in the slightest right now.

Fully naked, the rainbow goddess held herself in the air, her wings flapping like a butterfly’s. Iris ran her hands over the naked bump jutting from her tummy. The rainbow goddess bit down on her lip with such force, she could feel ichor - the golden blood of the gods - emerge from the tooth piercings and soak her tongue. Just running her hands along her rock-hard bladder, Iris could feel herself seconds from cumming. Her bladder was the size of the Chimera’s head! It’s lion head that is. Iris’ navel stood out so far, so distended, filled with her sweat like Typhon’s eyeball when he watches Saturday night rom-com. Iris’ bladder was so gigantic, her wings could hardly hold her up anymore. Iris felt like she was lifting up a full-grown griffin with two feathers.

Iris hovered herself over to her bed and plopped down onto her towel mountain. Iris spread her legs as far as they would go. Just moving her legs away from each other was enough to force her overworked bladder to eject a small trickle of urine. Iris could feel the golden stuff ooze past her lips and onto the towels below her.

Iris placed two fingers firmly on her clitoris and began spinning it around in counterclockwise circles. Iris moaned and allowed her head to slam against her pillows. The rainbow goddess knew her walls were soundproof, but she still held back her screams. Keeping herself quiet, not making any noise, it just added to the sexual tension racing through the rainbow goddess’ veins.

Iris’ godly brain was numb with delight. The heavy rock-like texture of her bladder was enough to send her over the edge. Iris’ clit buzzed in between her fingers like a bumble bee on alcohol. Iris chewed her lips fiercely, drawing more ichor. Sweat gushed down her face and legs. Her bladder - the size of Gaia’s best mountains - even poured sweat like rivers among the hills. Tears of joy and a pleasant type of pain filled the rainbow goddess’ irises.

Iris rolled her clitoris this way and that. Beads of urine shot from her like a sprinkler out of control. Iris moaned heavily and felt her pleasure meter rocket to the top, her heart slowing down and her brain shutting off. Adrenaline coursed through her immortal body as the rainbow goddess experiences two amazing sensations all at once. She peed. And she orgasmed.

Iris’ eyes grew into stars as her breath was captured by her throat. A thick jet of white hot goo blasted from her vulva and dotted the towels like the melting snow of a springtime mountain. Immediately following the ejaculation was a rapid of piss. Blazing hot urine shot from Iris’ pussy. The rainbow goddess - wishing to prolong the moment - forced her sphincter to close and open, close and open. Iris shot out just a little bit of pee at a time. But finally, her immortal body had had enough and involuntarily caused Iris to drain all over her towel mountain.

Iris held her head back. Her face was a mix of sweat, tears, and droll. Her golden hair was plastered to the bed behind her. Her golden ichor had dried to form a thick layer of crust over her factual lips. Meanwhile, Iris’ pussy lips were busy ejecting eleven days' worth of urine all at once.

The river of piss was so hot when it touched down on the towels, a slab of steam rose into the air. GLOOUUK. The urine sounded distorted and out of focus. All though, that may have just been the ringing in Iris’ ears. The rainbow goddess saw colors. A look - only to describe as orgasmic - crossed her face. This was one of the best orgasms the rainbow deity has ever had! Iris panted and trembled and finally relaxed as she lay in bed and peed and peed for several long moments.

To most gods, the orgasmic feeling of releasing a painfully full bladder goes away after a few minutes of peeing. But to Iris, Iris was aroused right up until the last second of her stream.

The sundial in the corner of the room had moved a great deal by the time Iris’ bladder had shrunk down to a natural size. Iris peed for several moments after.

Finally, her stream turned into a trickle and was good. The once pearl towels were now a slate gray and every inch of them was covered. The air stunk of eleven-day-old piss, but it was a smell that only made Iris wish to touch herself again.

Iris lay in bed, one hand on her clit, the other on her bladder. Iris didn’t play with herself, she just kept her hands there as if prepared for what awaited her next. Iris’ eyes shut. She felt her brain tingle like a hand or foot that has fallen asleep. Iris’ mind was drifting off and she could feel Hypnos - the god of sleep - doing his job.

Suddenly, Iris heard a noise that woke her up like a bucket of freezing River Leche water. The doorknob jiggled.

Iris sat upright. No one could enter. The door was locked! She just had to be quite… Then, the door opened! And in stepped…

“Oh,” Zephyrus god of the west wind blushed at his wife. “You having some fun?”

Iris smirked, relieved it was only her husband. “Step in before the whole world sees me,” she giggled. And so the west wind did.

Zephyrus closed and relocked the door and pocketed their bedroom key. He climbed onto the large bed and lay beside his nude wife. Zephyrus rested his head on her breast and twirled his finger in circles on her bare tummy.

“You have some fun with your omorashi stuff?” asked the west wind.

“I did,” replied the rainbow goddess.

“You want to have some fun with me?” Zephyrus sounded sad like he feared a negative answer.

“You know I am always up to playing with you, babe,” Iris replied. Zephyrus’ frown flipped on its head. And the two gods slid under the covers and began foreplay.

Between the extra sexual release and the release of a monster piss, Iris was so overjoyed, she promised herself, after sexual intercourse with her man, she would give the whole world a rainbow. Iris had a tendency to create rainbows for the world when she was extra happy. And right now… She was extra happy!

*033*2023-04-05 19:13

Switching over to Egyptian mythology, I have written a story about Isis the Egyptian goddess of magic, healing, and motherhood.

Isis stood on a large sandy hill overlooking the city of Alexandria. Isis’ red, blue, and green wings flapped in the light breeze. Her feet lifted off the ground, one at a time, allowing her upper legs to press into her vagina, one after the other. Isis reached above her noggin and carefully removed her headdress of ram’s horns which houses a glowing orange sphere of light inside. It was her famous sun disk headdress which her great-grandfather, Ra had given her.

Isis uncomfortably pressed the ram’s horns and sphere to her pussy, shoving it deep inside her genitalia as a way to hold on longer.

Headdress inside her lady bits, the goddess of magic turned and faced the flowing Nile River right beside her. Isis closed her eyes and listened to the Nile flow. The rushing river rapids moved delicately but swiftly. The river was fast, but it wasn’t too powerful. As Isis listened to the flowing water, her four-week full bladder was driven crazy with pee delight. Isis wanted to pee so badly. And it was such a glorious feeling indeed! Isis couldn’t imagine a better sensation than the one she currently experienced.

The goddess of magic simply loved the feeling of an organ as heavy as a stone wheel pressing down on her clit. The goddess was immensely aroused.

Isis held her legs closed, keeping her headdress pressed tightly up to her goddesshood. With her now free hands, Isis placed her Ankh - the symbol of life statue - in one hand, and with the other, she waved her hand in a circle and conjured up a chalice out of thin air. The sky-blue cup was overflowing with grape juice. Isis temporarily held her Ankh in between her teeth. This allowed her to wave her spare hand over the chalice which glowed bright blue. Isis amplified the effects of her grape juice - which was already considered a diuretic - tenfold.

Grinning, already squirming at the effects, Isis removed her Ankh from her lips and downed the grape juice, making sure to suck down every last drop. In only a couple of minutes, Isis’ thirst was quenched and the chalice had run dry. Wanting even more of a challenge, Isis used her magic to refill the cup two more times, and each time, she gave extra diuretic effects to the grape juice.

Even though Isis only drank three cups, thanks to her magic, it was more like drinking thirty cups!

Isis could already feel the effects take hold of her bulging-out bladder. Breathing heavily, Isis began to run her hands over her swollen stomach. Her stomach was bulging so far out, anyone would assume she was nearing the end of a pregnancy.

Tossing her empty chalice over her shoulder into the sand, Isis shoved her headdress even farther into her crotch. Squirming and wiggling and moaning, the goddess of magic stretched her hand towards the river. Out of the river sprang two streams of water. The water flowed through the air, riding on the currents of Isis’ sorcery and each of the streams entered one of Isis’ ear canals.

Isis’ ear drums were coated in the noise of trickling water. Isis’ bladder grew numb from the stress of holding. Isis crossed her legs into a triple knot. Her toes were crossed in the sand, her sandals tip-tap-tapping.

Maneuvering her hips back and forth, Isis jammed her headdress as far up her vagina as it would go. The goddess of motherhood rubbed her hands together, whispering a soft spell onto them. Her fingertips began to glow with blinding light. Isis lightly pressed down on her bladder. The magic in her fingertips seeped through her exposed skin and entered her incredibly rock-hard belly. The strands of witchcraft the goddess used entered her bladder, filling it to its huge captivity. Isis could feel the hardness of her organ sitting on her pelvis, making her clit buzz with enjoyment.

Isis had never been so desperate. Those drinks were already entering her system. In no time, she would be feeling the brunt of the attack. Isis felt as if a pile of limestone was pressing into her abdomen. The pressure was the most erotic sensation of them all.

Now, for the best part. Holding her headdress to her pussy, Isis transformed into a mortal woman. Her wings drew into her back. Isis also used her magic to make her Ankh and headdress vanish into thin air. Those were the symbols most often associated with Isis. If anyone saw her with them, they would know she was a goddess in disguise. Isis’ Ankh and headdress were safely stored in the Duat for later use, the goddess held her crotch the old-fashioned way with her bare hands. She squeezed and held. Then, she began to waddle down the sand hill and into the city of Alexandria, all while watery noises flowed inside her brain.

Isis knew this was wrong. This was awful of her. To take advantage of these mortals… Well, she wasn’t really taking advantage of them, now was she? Isis never knew what it was… But nothing excited her more than being fully desperate for a piss with others watching her and staring. Isis just wanted the mortals to look at her and gawk at her bloated bladder and be impressed when she exploded all over the city. But it wasn’t fair to the mortals. They had no idea a goddess was wandering their city while intentionally holding her pee, getting a sick kick out of others watching her struggle.

Isis knew she needed to stop this. She did this all the time. But it was too exciting for her. She was addicted. Isis intentionally held her pee for four weeks while drinking vast amounts of fluid the entire time. Her immortal kidneys haven't had a rest that entire time. And now they had thirty cups of grape juice to filter. Fortunately, Isis was a goddess, so she could not do any damage to herself physically. But this was still wrong of her to do to the poor mortals.

Maybe it wasn’t so bad. It wasn’t like Isis was harming the mortals in any way. But she still felt guilty. If the mortals knew that she, Isis, the protector of mothers, children, and the dead, acted in such a vial manner, would they still worship her the way they do? Isis was the one who taught mortals how to weave baskets, brew beer, and bake bread. Would the mortals still hold her to such high regard if they knew her disgraceful secret fantasy? And what of the other gods? Would they be disgusted by Isis’ despicable nature? She couldn’t risk anyone finding out.

This is the LAST time I do this, Isis told herself. It was a lie. She told herself this constantly. It was never enough. She knew she would be back here next month. If not Alexandria, another city. She could never get enough.

The only one who knew of this awful act was Isis’ husband, Osiris lord of the underworld. And thanks to Set (god of chaos and deserts) murdering Osiris, Osiris was no longer in this realm. He was in the underworld now. Isis still visited of course. But she saw her husband much less these days.

How Isis hated her evil brother, Set. She hoped her son, Horus (god of revenge and pharaohs) would put an end to Set’s rein soon.

Isis has already assisted Horus in many ways. There was the time Isis tricked Set into eating Horus’ semen which she laid on Set’s favorite lettuce plant. Set ate the lettuce and Horus’ semen along with it. Set then became pregnant with Horus’ heir and became a laughingstock of the gods. (Hey, the gods can do anything. The males can even become pregnant!) There was also the time Isis fired a harpoon at Horus and Set who were wrestling in the form of hippopotamuses. Unfortunately, despite having aimed for Set, Isis ended up striking her own son instead.

There was also the time that Isis transformed into a beautiful woman and seduced Set, forcing him to admit in front of all the other gods how he usurped the throne from Osiris. The battle between Horus and Set was age-old. Hopefully, Horus would defeat Set one day. But as of now, Isis needed to take a break from all of that nonsense and just unwind with some good old-fashioned desperation fun. And the mortals would unknowingly help her with that!

As bad as Isis felt for the oblivious mortals, the excitement inside her antagonizing bladder was so extreme, all of her guilt washed away like the sand banks of the Nile. Isis wore nothing but a short skirt and a linen kalasiris - an ancient form of bra - so as not to get overheated from the harsh desert air. Isis’ tanned skin was exposed to the world as was her bouncing bulge or rock-hard piss.

Isis was hobbling through the streets, her short black hair swaying in the harsh desert winds. Isis had her hands shoved up her skirt. She groped her hairy vulva. The goddess felt her forest of pubes against her fingers. That only turned her on even more.

As Isis waddled through the streets of Alexandria, many heads turned. Everyone saw Isis grab her crotch and pee dance up and down the streets. Having all eyes on her was the most exhilarating feeling in the cosmos. Isis hoped they would all be around to watch her eruption later on.

The goddess of magic went waddling up to a man who stood on the third highest rung of a ladder, using a hammer to nail a board on his roof. Isis imagined he was sealing up a leak. She imagined this attractive mortal banging his hammer against her urethral opening, making sure there were no dribbles. Isis gasped in a flurry of thrills.

“Excuse me, sir,” Isis called.

The man looked down from his room.

This was it, time to oversell it. Granted, Isis didn’t need to oversell anything! That heavy grape juice had caught up with her. Adding to her four-week-old swimming pool of urine, Isis was ready to blow her lid.

Isis kept her hands wedged up her skirt. With her knees pressed together, she hopped from side to side on each foot. Isis wore the most desperate expression as possible. The one of a lady ready to birth a pee baby. That wasn’t hard to do given her seriously desperate state. The experience of this man watching her was dazzling. To have his eyes explore her naked bulge and her frantic movements. Isis felt two different bodily urges mixed into one.

“Would you be so kind as to tell me where I can find the nearest toilet?” Isis asked.

Asking for the toilet while having a distended belly and doing an intense bathroom dance all while a stranger stared at her… Isis had never been so aroused!

Please say you don’t know, please say you don’t know, Isis begged. She wanted to ask every mortal in this city where to find a toilet. She wished so badly that one didn’t exist! She wished she would have to hold this load forever while the entire city watched her dance and squirm and wiggle in place. Isis silently crossed her fingers, hoping this man would tell her she was out of luck.

This was not Isis’ lucky day. The man quickly scuttled down from his ladder and told the desperate magic goddess, “You may use my toilet if you wish. It looks urgent.” Even though he didn’t call Isis out on it, Isis clearly saw his eyes drift for just a moment and observed her pregnant bulge. Seriously, Isis was beginning to look more bloated than when she carried around an infant Horus inside her belly.

Isis was frozen. Normally, she would be very grateful for a mortal’s hospitality. The gods often wondered if mortals would be kind to them even if they disguised themselves as mortals. Here Isis was disguised as a mortal woman, and this man was willing to give her sanctuary. While this showed this gentleman as a kind man, it did little for Isis’ excitement. Fortunately, she had a plan for this.

“Um… No offense… I appreciate the offer and all,” Isis managed, jumping all over the street. “But I feel uncomfortable using a stranger’s lavatory. Is there a public one I can use, by any chance?”

The man pursed his lips. Admiring Isis’ pee pee dance, he said, “Doesn’t look like you’re in a position to be picky right now. But there’s a public bathroom right down that road,” he pointed down a side street.

“Thank you,” Isis hobbled off. Isis’ senses were fluttering faster than her godly wings ever could. That was the most arousing feeling talking to an attractive man about bathrooms while dancing. Isis wished it didn't have to end, but dragging it out would have made him suspicious. But Isis had other tricks up her sleeve.

Isis’ bladder was at its max. The roaring of water was still bellowing in her head. Her brain felt like it was an island in a sea of gold. Her urine remained caged up inside her bladder walls, begging for a spot to empty. Isis could feel the ten times of grape juice move swiftly through her kidneys and flow down her ureters. Her urge was rising steadily. After four weeks with zero alleviation breaks, Isis was already stretching her limits. Soon, she would create her very own personal oasis of yellow.

Time for round two!

Isis squirmed her way up to two chatting handsome men with neat beards and muscles. Isis had a tendency to navigate towards the attractive men of the cities she frequented with her urgent bladder needs.

One of the men sat on the windowsill of a nearby house while the other leaned against the wall. They were nothing but loincloths and they were in heavy conversation regarding the weather. (Which was always hot and dry!)

“Hey, boys,” Isis stood before the men. She had two fists raised at her side and was marching her feet up and down in the sands. The two men looked over. “I have to pee!” Isis shouted.

The two men exchanged looks for a solid two heartbeats. Looking back at Isis, the man on the windowsill said, “Do you need directions to the bathrooms?”

Still marching, Isis shook her head. “I want to pee,” she repeated.

The men looked at one another again. The looks they gave one another made Isis’ godly clitoris turn into a firm stone. They were judging Isis, confused at what she was asking. Maybe they were even a little uncomfortable… Good! Just what Isis liked to see. She was such a cruel goddess…

“Okay, the bathrooms are down that way, ma’am,” the man against the wall pointed.

Isis shoved her hands up her skirt again and continued to move her feet up and down in desperation. “I really have to use the toilet!” Isis cried.

The two men blinked and looked at each other and eyed Isis’ disguise.

“Do you need help making it?” the man against the wall asked.

“Or do you want to go inside my place,” windowsill man pointed through the open window carving.

“I really need a wee!” Isis crossed her legs into a tight ribbon. Bobbing up and down with her hands mixed in the pile of legs, she gnawed at her lower lip, making her eyes wide to show how urgent this urination was.

The two men stared at each other for what felt like one-quarter of a millennium. Finally, their gaze broke from each other and they looked at Isis - who was now sitting on her bum on the ground, knees to stomach, rocking back and forth with the most desperate of expressions on her face.

“Ma’am, I’m sorry, but I don’t know what you want us to do,” said the man on the window.

The second man began, “If you need us to help you walk…”

Isis lay on her side, her hands buried in her crotch, legs crossed tight, bulge protruding into the sand, and whole body shaking. “I need to pee so bad…” Isis moaned.

The two men held eye contact so long, Ra’s sun boat moved several miles across Nut [the sky goddess]’s body. When they looked at Isis again, the man against the wall inched forward. The man on the windowsill climbed down. They slowly reached for Isis as though to help her up. Instead, Isis rolled from side to side moaning over and over again, “I gotta pee, I gotta pee, I gotta pee…”

“Ma’am, we can’t help you if…” the first man started.

“I feel like I’m gonna burrrrrrst!” Isis shouted, extending the R sound. Isis remained on her back, hands upskirt, eyes staring into the harsh light of Ra.

Giving up, the two men stood up straight and rushed away.

Isis had tears running in rivers onto the ground, moistening the otherwise dry sands of Egypt. The tears were real. The pressure was the strongest Isis has felt in years. This experience was so arousing. Those two men looked at her like she was a chorus of scarab beetles singing in perfect harmony.

But isis wasn’t done yet. She still had a whole lot of horniness to get out of her system.

Isis decided to take a break from just men and danced up to a group of people - both men and women - who sat on the side of the street playing a board game.

Isis flew up to them so quickly, her entire form turned into a blur of light as she did so. “BATHROOOOOOOOM!!!” Isis bellowed, her hands hidden up her pure white skirt.

Isis could literally feel a pulse in her vagina area. Pressure collected on her pussy. Isis now held four weeks' worth of nectar as well as the thirty grape juice containers she had a little while ago. The pressure skyrocketed in a matter of seconds as the last bits of juice filled Isis’ already-packed urinary bladder. Her stomach was so stretched, there were marks on it. Isis commanded the water noises to increase inside her ears. She felt an ocean swishing about inside her divine body. But that was nothing compared to the arousal she felt at having this group study her, surprised by her bold behavior and her frantic moves.

Isis knocked her knees all about, swaying her hips, grabbing herself with the left hand and then the right, angrily pulling on her pubes and dropping curly hairs into the sand where the small crowd could see them. The men and women instantly switched from surprise to concern for this poor woman.

“Ma’am,” one of the women stood. “You look extra bloated. Are you pregnant?”

“Sitra!” the only other woman in the group shouted.

“What?” asked Sitra. “She must be having a hard time holding due to her pregnancy.”

“Yes, but you don’t need to point out she’s bloated,” the second woman lectured.

Isis could feel excitement coursing through her veins. These people truly thought her to be expecting. And she was… She was expecting a urinary explosion soon!

“Please…” Isis stammered, forcing her voice to come out weak and trembling. Isis skipped around in front of the group of four. “Find me a b… B… Bathroom… I need a toilet!” Isis crossed one leg in front of the other and jammed her hands so far up her skirt, her wrists disappeared.

“I’m sorry, ma’am,” one of the men spoke quickly, realizing there was little time left for this ‘pregnant’ woman to find salvation. “The restrooms are a bit off. Do you want to go behind a building?”

In the lands of Egypt, public urination - male and female - is a very common thing. Asking Isis if she wanted to piss outside was a fair suggestion in these times.

Still refusing to end her play session, Isis replied, “I normally would, but you know… Pregnant,” she rubbed her enlarged stomach. “I can’t squat.”

“You could always spread your lips and stand,” Sitra suggested. “That’s what I do. Just face a wall, hold your lips yah distance apart, piss.” Sitra demonstrated by holding two fingers in front of her own sundress.

“Thanks for the suggestion,” Isis had one leg raised and moved it up and down her opposite leg as though she had an itch. “But I’m no good at that either… I have to go so, so… So b… Badly…” Pretending to fall, Isis grabbed her knees and bent over. She could feel her giant bladder pressing into her legs. It hurt in the most pleasurable way imaginable.

“I’m sorry, ma’am,” the second man looked concerned. “I don’t know what to do… we can knock on someone’s door and ask…”

“No, no, I won’t be a… A b… A bother…” Isis choked out. “I won’t m… Make it to the b… Bathroom either t… Though.”

The four friends eyed each other, digging for solutions. One of the men looked down at the large wooden game board. Examining the wall behind him, leading against it was a saw and a shovel. “Ehoou, bring those tools over here,” the man commanded. “I have an idea.”

Normally, this was the part where Isis refuses the easy solution for some reason and runs off to attack someone else with her urinary needs. But this man’s plan was so daring, it was just the kind of thing an aroused Isis couldn’t pass up. A solution this hot and spicy only came around once in a lifetime. And for a goddess, that meant something!

The man named Ehoou dragged over the shovel and the saw. The second man - named Harsiesis asked Ehoou to hold the giant wooden game board while he cut a hole in the center. He then asked the second woman - named Anta - to use the shovel to gather a large pile of sand. Sitra, meanwhile, would search for sticks and rope and set up a stand for them all.

“Just hang on a little longer, ma’am,” Harsiesis cried, quickly sawing through his own game board. Isis honestly felt bad for these poor mortals. Here they were helping some total stranger. If they knew she was the divine, that would be different. But as far as they knew, she was just some pregnant woman in need of assistance. And they were willing to sacrifice their game board like that to assist her!

The gang did their respective jobs. Sitra tied sticks to rope, creating a stand. Anta gathered a large pile of sand below said stand. Harsiesis finished his work, having successfully created a hole large enough for Isis’ bum in their game board. Ehoou quickly set the ruined game board over the stand Anta had built.

Isis had to hand it to them, they worked quickly. Upon knowing relief was so close, Isis felt ready to explode almost as if this were for real. She felt a mallet hammering against her sphincter, ready to dislodge it out of place and thus open the floodgates. And when that happened, she would shower everything. Speaking of, Isis feared what would happen when she unleashed her beast of a bladder. These poor mortals expected her to have a bladder the size of a pregnant mortal. The pile of sand Anta gathered was perfect for that. But for a goddess… Not even close!

On that note, believe it or not, but this is what toilets looked like in ancient Egypt. Ancient Egyptian toilets were literally a stand that held a plank of wood that had a hole in the center and a pile of sand under it to catch urine and feces. Harsiesis, Anta, Sitra, and Ehoou worked with very limited resources, but they managed to make a replica of any toilet found across the plains of ancient Egypt.

Isis wanted to cry. These people were so nice and so resourceful! Even if Isis was just pretending with them, she would have to reward them! But shedding her disguise was out of the question. She could not let mortals know who she was. What would become of her reputation?

Isis had tears, just like the kind she used to create the Nile River. (Yes, long story short, when Set killed Osiris, Isis’ husband, Isis cried so much she created the very Nile River itself). And she was ready to cry a second one!

“Go ahead, ma’am,” Harsiesis said, standing back.

“We can…” Ehoou was just about to suggest that he and his friends give her some privacy. But if Isis was going to do this, she needed all eyes on her! And again, public urination was no big deal in these days. Hence why the group left their homemade toilet out in the open, on the side of the street.

Isis charged forward, suddenly feeling the full gravity of her desperation. Isis spun around, threw her skirt up, and plopped down, holding her bum over the hole in the wood. The stand Sitra built creaked a little, but it held just fine.

Isis spread her legs wide - pretending it was out of urgency, but really just wanting the crew to watch her gush. Isis’ pussy lips flapped for all to see. And from deep within, came a jet of piss like no other. A jet of urine the size of a giant’s tear ducts fired from Isis’ labia. The nearly clear stream smashed the sand to shreds. Isis’ pee tore through the sand in a matter of seconds. The strongest pressure stream that anyone had ever seen gushed from Isis’ aching piss hole. Her pissy lips fired urine below her butt and soaked the large pile of sand gathered by Anta. The sand pile had previously been several inches in height. Now, the mound was a flat thicket of mud and clay. Isis’ stream was so powerful, it broke the record of the ancient world.

Isis allowed her head to hang back. The change in internal pressure was the most orgasmic thing Isis had ever felt in any of her lives. (The Egyptian gods have been reincarnated a multitude of times). With a geyser between her separated legs, Isis moaned in bliss. Euphoria filled her noggin. Her entire body buzzed like the desert locusts at night.

“RELIEF!” Isis shouted. “MAN, THAT HITS THE SPOT!!!” Isis was well aware she was shouting. That was kind of her intention.

“Feeling better, ma’am?” Ehoou asked politely, unable to take his eyes from the disguised goddess’ sprout.

“YOU BET I AM!” cried a relieved Isis. Nothing better than all of that pressure zipping out of her genitals in a long, wet flood. That reminded Isis, she better cool it or she would flood all of Egypt! But this feeling felt too grand! How could Isis possibly control herself now that she had a taste of this blessed relief? How grand it was! This piss certainly was fit for a goddess!

Isis had already pissed so powerfully, she washed away the entire pile of sand scooped by Anta.

The four friends took a few nervous steps back as they watched Isis flood the entire street. Isis shot piss wildly from her pussy, directly through the hole under her, causing a sinkhole in the desert floor ten inches below her butt. Isis allowed the super-powerful grape juice to drain along with every other blasted drink she had consumed over the past month.

As Isis urinated away, one by one, citizens of Alexandria noticed the trail of wet sand flowing across the entire city. Soon, a crowd gathered to investigate and gawk at the powerful pissing woman. The crowd started off with just a few stunned faces here and there. But in no time, half the residents of Alexandria had crowded around, peeking over one another’s shoulders, staring at the source of such a pee.

Isis pretended not to notice all the people gathered to watch her wee. Could this whole adventure get any more arousing!?! Isis spent several more minutes spraying the sands below her. With each minute that passed with no end in sight, the crowd looked more and more perplexed. By the time Isis reached half an hour of a straight gush, the crowd had grown so wide, the entire street was packed with people wishing to get a glimpse at the urinating marvel.

Isis quickly learned the flaw in her fantasy. It was the same flaw that happened every time she did this. No mortal could pee for half an hour with such high pressure. Mortals may be dumb, but they’re not that dumb. Even mortal brains can understand one simple truth. In order to pee like this, the person had to be a goddess!

Isis heard the rumors fly around like hornets. The crowd whispered to one another, surprised by the powerful gushing woman who was nothing more than a goddess in disguise. But which one? That was the question. There were many goddesses in the Egyptian pantheon after all. Not to mention, gods can change form. Who’s to say this isn’t a male god taking the form of a woman? That would make sense. Even back in these days, while doable, women have always had a tougher time peeing outside than men. Perhaps a male divine took this form as a way to test the kindness of mortals and their willingness to help a stranger.

Isis heard everything from Thoth to Ra to Hathor to Nephthis. And yes, there were a few that suggested Isis. But unless Isis took away her disguise (which she never would) there was no way for the mortals to know. They would forever be in a state of not knowing the truth.

Isis was rounding forty-five minutes now and her urine rivers had covered all of Alexandria by now. Mortals stepped out of the way as trails flowed down the streets, turning sand into mud. The main source - the hole below Isis’ butt - was now just a three-inch deep crater of mud.

Now that her bladder was nearing its final stretch, Isis felt even happier than the time she tricked Ra into revealing his secret name. (Another long story, Isis once took Ra’s drool (taken while the sun god was napping) and used said drool with her magic to make a poisonous snake. The snake bit Ra and Isis - being a goddess of healing - was the only one who could cure him. She agreed to do so if he revealed his secret name Ra eventually did so, on the condition that Isis only trust the name with her son, Horus. Egyptian gods’ secret names are powerful. Hence why they are secret! You could destroy a god with the use of their secret name! Isis just wanted Ra’s secret name as leverage. You know, in case she ever needed it).

Isis’ once powerful gush slowed to a trickle. The trickling lasted for a few more minutes. Isis - while waiting - silently used her abilities to remove the water sounds from her ear. They had been so delightful when desperate, but now that she was empty, they were pretty much useless.

Isis shook her butt around to dribble the last of her liquid waste into the sand below. Isis stood and lowered her skirt. “Ahh…” She sighed. “Much better,” completely owning what she had just done. Isis knew what they would ask next. Her pregnant belly was gone and after a forty-five-minute urination that flooded the streets, there would be questions. Isis handled it the same way she always did whenever she did this.

“Yes, mortals,” she said. “I am a goddess. I wanted to test your hospitality. I am pleased to say, you all passed.” Turning to a shocked, Harsiesis, Anta, Ehoou, and Sitra, she added, “And while some of you came up with a flawless solution which you achieved through teamwork skills and resourcefulness,” addressing the crowd as a group. “Everyone I asked for help attempted to do so in the best way they knew how. I am a goddess, but I shall not reveal which one. That is as secret as a god’s secret name.”

The crowd began to whisper to one another. Isis smiled, knowing full well that even after she left, this city would be debating over which goddess came and pissed all throughout their beloved city.

“As thanks, I shall protect this city from any and all disasters,” Isis promised. “Also,” looking back to a dazed Sitra, Harsiesis, Ehoou, and Anta, she spoke, “I believe I owe you four a new game.” With a finger snap, a large wooden board appeared in their hands. Each member of the four found themselves holding a corner of the bright and shiny new game. “Thank you, mortals,” Isis said. “Now that my bladder is drained, I must be on my way.” Before anyone could say anything else, Isis vanished into a flash of light.

While Isis spoke the truth about wanting to test the mortal’s hospitality, that was only a small, small, small, tiny, microscopic part of the reason she did this.

But the mortals didn’t need to know that she did this as a way to turn herself on.

Now it was time to return to the heavens and masturbate to the thought of today’s events! The goddess of magic and motherhood sure would have some fun tonight!

*036*2023-04-10 15:55

Back to Greek mythology, I wrote a story about the heroine Atalanta. Atalanta is personally my all-time favorite Greek hero/heroine! From all she did to the Calydonian Boar Hunt to sailing with Jason and the Argonauts to her famous footrace, Atalanta has certainly earned her place in the hall of ancient Greek heroes!

Atalanta kept her legs crossed real tight, regretting the vast amounts of water she had consumed. Atalanta had spent her morning hunting rabbits and birds and deer. All of that hunting worked up a good thirst! As soon as she returned to her father’s palace, she sat down with an entire buffet of water. Atalanta had downed picture after picture, goblet after goblet of H2O. The water had been so delicious that she had been completely oblivious to how much she was drinking. She has also forgotten about the race being held today.

Atalanta now found herself standing in front of the race track, trying her hardest not to squirm. Surrounding Atalanta was an army of strong gentlemen, all of whom wished to take her hand. Atalanta couldn’t deny that it was flattering she had so many suitors. But after receiving that prophecy that her future marriage would be her downfall, she was completely turned off by the idea of marrying anyone.

What was wrong with the single life anyway? Atalanta had defeated a giant monstrous boar, sailed the seas with Jason and the Argonauts, defeated Peleus in a wrestling tournament in Iolcus, and had countless other heroic tasks. Atalanta just loved waking up in the morning and going on a solitary hunt. The last thing she needed was a husband to tie her down.

In retrospect, Atalanta was still a little hung up on Meleager. Meleager had been such a kind, handsome, heroic young man. And now he was dead. Atalanta would be telling the lie of the century if she said she didn’t still care for him. At this point in her life, Atalanta saw no reason to get married.

But all of these problems seemed trivial compared to what she had brewing inside her bladder.

Atalanta could feel swarms of pressure collecting directly on top of her sphincter. How she desired to take a piss break! Atalanta could always ask her father - the one orchestrating this event - for a quick bathroom break, but she knew he was under enough stress as it was. It was a difficult thing to try and prevent your child from getting married when they had a hundred or so suitors. Most fathers would happily send their daughters off to get married without a second thought. But as it was, the prophecy still hung in the air. King Iasus of Arcadia - Atalanta’s father - didn’t want Atalanta to endanger her existence any more than she did. Still, Atalanta’s bladder was about to be her downfall!

She would just have to be patient and hold. But the thought of running with a steaming waterlogged organ sloshing around inside seemed less than ideal.

Aside from hunting, archery, and marathoning, Atalanta was known to have an impressive bladder captivity. She used to have holding contests with the crew of the Argo. While all of the men would have to piss after a few hours, Atalanta could hold throughout the entire day. Normally, a few pints of water on her bladder was nothing to sweat over. But Atalanta hadn’t peed since noon yesterday. She meant to, of course, but she kept getting distracted. Like this morning, her satyr god friend Pan came to her and mentioned a drinking contest taking place in the woods.

Atalanta joined the festival in the woods of Arcadia and competed with the satyrs and nymphs. Atalanta drank twice as much beer as the rest of them combined. Beer was a beverage considered barbaric, but the nature spirits are a wild bunch.

If that’s not enough, Atalanta spent the entire morning hunting without a single break. She had been too engaged in the sport to stop even for a second. Now she was regretting it big time.

Atalanta isn’t one of those girls that gets goosebumps at the very idea of peeing in the woods. Atalanta has to go, she will gladly pop a squat behind a friendly bush. Heck, she was ready to squat here with everyone watching! But when Atalanta has her mind on something, she has a tendency to forget even the most basic of needs like breathing or peeing.

Now with twenty-six hours of piss storming inside her balloon, and beer and water churning around and around, Atalanta knew she would have to urinate soon.

Holding this much beer and water inside for so long would have been impossible for any mortal. Only the gods could hold back such a flood. Everyone always says Atalanta has the beauty of a goddess, so why not a bladder captivity as well?

Atalanta bent down and stretched her hands out on the dirt trail, lifting her rump in the air. The pressure inside forced Atalanta to lift her leg and jam it up her pee hole. Atalanta’s toga bunched up and her whole body was shaking. Beside her was the first suitor she was racing. The suitor was also in a starting position with his hands in the dirt and butt in the air.

The suitor glanced over at Atalanta, partly concerned, partly aroused. Atalanta could not show any signs of weakness. She had to show all of her suitors that she was not only a strong, independent woman, but she also had zero interest in marriage.

Atalanta could feel her bladder shake like an icicle about to fall. She chomped down on her lower lip, praying to the gods to allow her to hold on.

“On your mark, get set,” King Iasus called. “GO!”

Atalanta’s suitor jumped to his feet and sped down the track with feet of fire. Atalanta remained behind, counting to ten in her head. Atalanta was such an amazing runner, that one of the rules was, she had to give all of her contestants a head start of ten seconds. It was the only real way to make the race fair. And that’s not even bragging. If the ten-second head start didn’t exist, Atalanta would slaughter her opponent instantly. (Literally and figuratively).

Atalanta’s mental counter had reached six when she felt her overly full bladder stab her ribs. Atalanta winced in sheer pain. She had to do this. She could not allow herself to get married! While the idea of marriage in itself wasn’t the most appealing thing to Atalanta, it was even less ideal when she considered that rotten prophecy from the Oracle of Delphi. ‘Should Atalanta marry, she would face her downfall.’ Marriage was definitely off the table. So, Atalanta would have to crush her opponent. There was just no other option for her!

When Atalanta finished counting, she spotted her suitor at the halfway mark on the track. Time to show these boys what real running looks like!

Hunting knife enclosed in her fist, Atalanta flew across the track, her feet barely touching the soil. Atalanta’s hot bladder was bouncing up and down, up and down inside. Atalanta felt as though she was dragging around a two-ton pumpkin behind her. It was weighing her down and she so badly wanted to let go of it, just drop it into the dirt. But she couldn’t. She had to take that heavy item with her wherever she went.

Thankful that no one could see her on this section of the track, Atalanta stuffed her free hand down her toga, cupping her pussy with all the strength she had. Atalanta squeezed herself, giving herself as little relief as she possibly could.

The suitor had made it to the three-quarter mark just as Atalanta rounded the bend onto the second half of the track.

With disappointment, Atalanta knew she had to let go of herself now. She was once again in full view of the awe-inspired crowd. Disappointingly dropping her hand to her side, and pumping it through the air, Atalanta quickened her pace, zipping across the plain like a cheetah that drank a speed potion.

The suitor was nearly at the finish line. Atalanta’s heavy burden bubbled and hissed inside her belly. Atalanta’s stomach was inflated with the massive thing. The pressure was driving her nuts. She sucked it up and gave herself another burst of speed. The next thing that happened, Atalanta caught up to her suitor and plunged her knife directly into his back. That was the bet. Any man brave enough raced Atalanta, but if she caught up to him before he finished the track, he paid with his life.

The crowd cheered for Atralanta as she ended the life of yet another suitor. Atalanta imagined how good it would feel to do the potty dance right now. She could just knit her knees together and hop around like a drunk bunny. But she refused to have people see her like that.

“Very good, Atalanta,” Iasus said with pride in his daughter. Clapping, the king then said, “Ready for your next race?”

Atalanta knew the wise thing would have been to ask for a break. But after all the work she has done to prove to everyone - including herself - that she is a strong woman, she found herself replying, “Bring on the next suitor.”

So, Atalanta once again spent her day racing and murdering suitor after suitor. Even with a bladder the size of a dragon’s kidney, Atalanta was still the fastest marathoner in Greece. Her bladder was constantly stinging her very essence, but she somehow managed to not leak a single drop.

The worst part was for sure the bouncing her bladder had to endure as she pounded across the race track. Atalanta spent the first section of track slyly holding her privates. This small break of relief - where no one could see her - sure aided Atalanta in helping to hold out for the rest of each race.

Atalanta was aware that her moves were getting wilder and wilder. After the fourth race, she held one leg in the air and kept it pressed to her genitalia. In the middle of the sixth race, she had to bend down and clutch herself for a split second before continuing. Right before the seventh race began, she twisted her legs into a knot for a brief moment before untying them and starting the race.

Atalanta was sure people noticed these movements. Her father once asked her if she was okay. Atalanta lied that her legs were sore, but she insisted she was fine to continue.

At one point, Iasus pulled his daughter aside to remind her that if she lost a single race, she would have to get married and if the oracle was to be believed - which she should be, seeing as she was always right - then Atalanta would experience some sort o ‘downfall’ once married. Like Atalanta needs a reminder of what was at stake!

“I’m only reminding you of this, my daughter,” Iasus said softly. “Because I want you to take care of yourself. I have noticed some strange movements on your part. If you are feeling ill, tell me right now so I can cancel the rest of these races for today. We can always reschedule. The last thing I want is for you to get married and have this horrible prophecy come true.”

Iasus rested his hand on Atalanta’s shoulder. It was hard for Atalanta to believe that this was the same man who abandoned her as a baby. Long story short, Iasus wanted a son, so he left Atalanta on a mountain to die. Fortunately, Atalanta was raised by a family of bears, blah, blah, blah, she one day found her father, and now the two of them were on good terms. Iasus may not have been dad of the year, but he did care about Atalanta. (Minus when he tried to kill her, that is).

Atalanta knew she should tell her dad the truth. Her bladder was screaming at Atalanta to be upfront right then and there. But the tiny piece of Atalanta’s brain that was not underwater in a yellowed-down sea yet refused. Atalanta just couldn’t bring herself to mention how bad her need was. It wasn’t that she was embarrassed. Heck, Atalanta would gladly shout from the rooftops every time she was ready to have a bowel movement! Telling her father she had to hiss out some piss was no issue for her. But given the circumstances and how everyone expected Atalanta to be a strong heroine, she felt it her obligation to once again turn down a bathroom break.

What would her crewmates of the Argo say? Atalanta could hold her urine at bay longer than any man aboard that ship. It would be shameful if she could not contain her waters for a few more minutes. Besides, there were only three races left for the day. She would wrap them up and she would pee. And she would happily use a nearby bush to do her business. Atalanta was already planning out where she would relieve herself. No point in going back to the castle, she would pee right around the track. But where? Anywhere looked good. No, Atalanta had to focus. No pissing yet!

Atalanta started the third to final race of the day. After a count of ten, she took off. Atalanta’s belly was jiggling under her bladder like a barrel of chunky milk. Her bladder was hard to the touch and incredibly painful. With every step Atalanta took, she felt closer and closer to exploding all over the place. But she clenched her muscles tightly, forcing her sphincter to remain locked in place.

Atalanta managed to defeat yet another suitor and now had two left for the day. Each race was more excruciating than the last. Atalanta soared down the race track, charging as fast as she could possibly manage. Atalanta imagined that there was a chamber pot at the end of the track. That allowed her to zoom even faster than ever before. Atalanta destroyed yet another suitor. One left.

Only one race to go and Atalanta was ever more frantic for relief. She could hardly wait. Excitement flooded her like her urine would flood the grass. Atalanta would complete this final race and she would dive behind the nearest bush, not caring who saw. If anything, Atalanta wanted people to see, she wanted her suitors to acknowledge the fact that she wasn’t your ordinary woman. Atalanta could hold it like a champ, and she could urinate whenever she saw fit.

Atalanta’s golden waters had stretched her bladder walls to the max. She imagined her bladder so full that it turned bright red with a danger warning and her pee backed up into the ureters. Atalanta needed relief right away!

As she counted to ten for the final time of the day, her legs were constantly kicking behind her. Atalanta lifted a hand from the track to give her womanhood a nice, hard squeeze. Atalanta still refused to leak, but she felt the pressure skyrocket on her pussy. There was a pressure greater than the entire Mediterranean Sea resting on her vulva. It was so painful that Atalanta wanted to cry. She was sweating profusely. And it wasn't the exercise of the race nor the heat that was causing it. The sole activity of holding back this much fluid was causing Atalanta’s entire body to shut down. Even on the Argo she never held this much.

Atalanta thought of her drinking content with Pan and the wood nymphs. She thought of all the water she consumed just a few hours before, after her hunting session. This urination was going to happen soon and Atalanta could not wait to rid herself of this unwanted pressure!

Atalanta finished counting and took off. Her body was shaking and sweating. Atalanta was running much slower than before. She had to spend so much energy into holding back the flood, she found the activity of running to be extra tiring.

Atalanta completed the first half of the track all while dancing back and forth. Thank the gods this suitor she was currently racing was pretty slow himself. This was one of the more slow suitors Atalanta has raced thus far. But even the slowest suitor was much faster than a full-bladdered Atalanta. Atalanta started these races off by creaming her competition. Even with a bladder in a blazing hot, swollen to the size of a moon crater, state. After having raced many suitors already, however, Atalanta was shaking and just wanted to end this.

Atalanta tried to imagine that a chamber pot was at the end of the track, just as she did before. This little bit of motivation helped slightly. Atalanta was able to pick up speed. But the weight of her bladder was so strong now, that if Atalanta didn’t keep her legs crossed at all times, she was sure to lose a great deal of cargo. Atalanta had to keep herself twisted or else her bladder would force its way out past her whimpering sphincter. Atalanta could see it now… She runs along the track and an entire balloon falls out of her urethra and splatters open once hitting the ground. Urine would soak all of Arcadia.

Atalanta grit her teeth and shoved down those thoughts. Hobbling along, she pushed forward. The suitor was almost at the finish line. Atalanta badly wished she had asked her father for a break before when he asked. Iasus was right. If Atalanta got married, the prophecy of Delphi would be kicked into motion. Atalanta would suffer a great downfall due to marriage.

No! After all, she has been through with the Calydonian Boar, the golden fleece, the funeral games of Iolcus… Atalanta could not earn an L just because she was holding a tad too much urine in the tank.

Atalanta thought of her past romance, Meleager, the prince of Calydon. Atalanta wondered what Meleager would have to say about her current condition. Meleager had supported Atalanta when no one else would. When the rest of the Calydonian Boar hunters refused to allow Atalanta - a woman - to join the hunt, Meleager stuck up for her. When Meleager offered Atalanta the boar’s head as a trophy and his uncle took it away, Meleager defended her. (Granted, Meleager murdered his own uncle, but still…)

Her bladder was ready to shred past her sphincter just as her suitor was preparing the final few steps to cross the finish line. Atalanta kept the thoughts of Meleager in her mind, recalling every single time he defended her when his own men disrespected her and her gender. Atalanta would not go down like this!

She was a strong woman! Atalanta was the fastest marathoner in all of Greece. Her mentor, Chiron the centaur told her that himself.

Atalanta didn’t care who saw. She clutched her lady bits with both hands and galloped across the track. Atalanta’s knife sunk into the flesh of her suitor right before he crossed the finish line.

Iasus wiped sweat from his brow, relieved that his daughter didn’t have to get married and doom herself. That was close! But what Atalanta was about to do would be even closer.

Atalanta stashed her bloody knife in her robes and blasted across the field of grass, leaving a trail of flames behind her. Atalanta charged into the nearest brush, threw her toga upward, squatted down, spread her legs, and…

“GUUAHHHHHH!!!” Atalanta’s scream was the only thing more powerful than her hiss. A torrent worthy of Poseidon himself gushed from Atalanta’s womanhood. A river of shining gold fell from in between her thighs. The waterfall was as wide as a drachma and as loud as a raging rapid. Sweat dripped down Atalanta’s face and she panted. Urine rushed from her pee hole at super speeds. Atalanta knew there was no force on earth as swift as the river between her legs. (Not even her!)

Atalanta, feeling parched, reached into the folds of her robe and produced a canister of cold and fresh water. Atalanta’s teeth iced over as she began chugging down the liquid, completing the circuit between mouth and urethral opening. Refreshed, she put the canister away and sighed.

Atalanta was shielded behind her loving shrub, but the crowd of people who gathered to watch the races had their eyes fixed on her. Iasus also stared in awe at his gushing daughter. In an attempt to secure her privacy, Iasus began to rush everyone away. Iasus wasn’t the same man that abandoned Atalanta all those years ago, that’s for sure.

As the crowd cleared out, Atalanta was left alone in the bushes beyond\ the race track. Atalanta held her head back and gulped down some saliva. The relief was heavenly. Atalanta felt more satisfied than when she shot the Calydonian Boar in the eye. She was more at peace than when she belched and drank with the Argonauts.

A lake of pee was accumulating in the dirt. Atalanta had to go so badly that her stream was sloppy. She ended up splashing her feet and a stray dribble rolled down her legs. Atalanta is usually an expert at peeing outside. She grew up in the wilderness with bears after all! But Atalanta’s bladder was so bursting full of wee that her stream was incredibly messy. Atalanta was at the point where she would have gladly pissed all over herself. She just needed to void! And she finally, finally was.

This was the best feeling ever. She wouldn’t have to get married and she was draining all of that water and beer all in one go. Her bladder bulge began to shrink. Atalanta imagined the gods of Olympus and the glorious pisses they must take with their giant bladders.

Atalanta remained crouched behind the bushes for several long minutes. Even the gods would have been impressed with this pee. Just when Atalanta thought she was done, a new and even more powerful squirt emerged. Atalanta spent an embarrassingly long amount of time draining her aching urinary sack. After holding for over a day and drinking so much, Atalanta would have been more surprised if this pee was quick. It just shows how similar Atalanta’s bladder is to the gods.

Atalanta hissed into the earth for several more minutes. Who says humans can’t spend ten minutes spraying urine? It only takes a huge bladder captivity, many drinks, a long holding time, and most importantly, several footraces to stir things up.

Atalanta drip-dried herself until the last bits of pee fell from her damp pussy. She stood and fixed her toga. Atalanta wiped the sweat from her own brow and came out from behind the bush which was now soaked in glistening piss.

As Atalanta passed the track - now littered with bleeding deceased suitors - Atalanta could hardly wait for tomorrow when she would do all of this again. But hopefully, she would urinate before the races. Although, that magnificent feeling of the pressure-lowering internally was well worth every second of pain.

Next stop, Atalanta would journey to her bedroom to have some solo fun. That urination really got her going!

