Godly Desperation - Page 2

Author: UrineLover1

*041*2023-04-29 02:53

This next story is about Mars the Roman god of war. Naturally, this story is about male desperation. I normally write strictly female stuff as I am a straight male, but I also know there are plenty of heterosexual women/homosexual men on this site. So, this story is for you guys! Regarding Mars, he is associated with the Greek Ares, however, these two gods were polar opposites. While Ares was a hot-tempered, childish, and frankly an annoying character, Mars was much more tactical, wise, and strong. For the most part, I'm not going to write about the Roman gods because the Greek and Roman gods are basically the same thing. But Mars and Ares are so different, if I'm going to write about anyone, Mars is my best bet!

Here goes, enjoy!

Mars zipped through the field of wheat. The stocks brushed against his shin, twisting as if trying to give the god of war a great big hug. Mars kept two hands, one placed over the other, piled on top of his crotch. Mars squeezed his member, feeling his bulging bladder spinning in circles, having a full-on panic attack. His blasted bladder was bursting at the seams with wine and nectar and whatever else the Roman god had had to drink over the past few weeks.

His armor rattled as he rushed through the crops. He could feel his armor squeeze his bladder like the hand of a giant squishing a bug. Mars could feel countless drops of urine splash up and down. He could feel the waves rolling around inside, crashing into his bladder walls, bearing down on his strained sphincter. Mars hasn’t been this urgent to piss in a long time.

Mars cursed himself, knowing this was his fault.

Why had he had so much wine at last night’s banquet? Mars had already been celebrating the Romans' victory over their enemies even before they won the battle. Just as Mars had predicted, they won the war and all of the celebratory wine he had in advance did not go to waste. But now it was bursting to come out.

On top of this, Mars had pushed off using the powder room for far longer than he should have. He had felt his first urge to alleviate himself nearly two weeks ago. But he was too busy strategizing tactics for this battle that he simply didn’t have time for relief. All Mars did those two weeks was plan, eat, drink, sleep, and feel his bladder fill. He didn’t have time for anything. Not even a micturition break.

Mars planned on peeing last night. That way, he would be able to arrive on the battlefield today with a nice and refreshed empty urinary bladder. But alas, Mars had so much to drink at the feast, he had passed out long before getting a chance to step away to the godly lavatory. Fortunately, Mars is a god, so while alcohol affects him as it does all other living beings, his alcohol tolerance is much higher than a mortal’s. In other words, Mars was able to sleep off the effects, with no hangover required.

The bad news was that he slept too long. When he awoke, the sun was already rising. As badly as he needed one, he had no time to spare on a restroom visit, rather, he geared up in armor and weapons and sped towards the battlefield.

Mars verily hoped that his army of Romans hadn’t noticed his discomfort. While the god was forced to stand on one leg - the other pressed into his pelvis - or grapple at his nethers for quick periods, he didn’t think the Roman legion had noticed his truly awful situation.

The worst part was the actual battle. Having to wield a sword on a bladder full to the brim was far less than ideal. The constant jumping and moving and dodging of blades did not help the god’s situation. Every time Mars was forced to make a swift movement, he felt a surge of pressure shimmy up his penis shaft and take over his entire lower body.

On one particularly dangerous movement, when Mars was forced to dip down to the dirt and rise again, all while swinging his sword in an arch, a short yet powerful blast of piss fired from his urine hole and soaked the inside of his toga. Thankfully, due to his armor, no one could see the hidden wet spot that was sure to stain the toga he wore underneath.

Even now as Mars took flight from his celebratory Roman army, he could feel his bladder sway to and fro inside his godly ribs. Mars’ armor did a swell job of hiding his bladder bump which was surely the size of a three-month pregnant woman.

Mars’ bladder continued to give him torment as the god stomped through the fields, in desperate need of a release.

Mars could always whip it out and fertilize the crops. But he didn’t think Ceres (Roman goddess of agriculture) would like that very much. Besides, Mars was also a god of fertility. It was one of his more minor roles in the Roman pantheon, but one of his roles, nonetheless. Mars couldn’t shower his urine over the legions fields. What kind of animal would he have to be to do such a disgraceful act? If Mars could conquer entire armies single-handedly, he surely could hold his flood a tad longer.

Mars had led the Roman people to victory on numerous occasions. The god was very pleased with the glorious job he did of commanding such a fine army. He wished he could have stuck around to celebrate with his men. But at this very instant, the god of war knew if he did not find a place to drop his urine ball, he would be in serious trouble.

Mars’ kidneys were still producing urine, filtering whatever of his late-night wine had yet to be processed. The Roman god had a bladder made of steel. But there was only so much his piss sack could do to contain the waters of much-delayed urination. His bladder stung and his sphincter bellowed curses at the god. Mars drew his feet faster still, in a very despairing state of mind. Mars knew he only had so much time to pee, but there was no place to go out here. He was only a few miles from the spot where the battle took place. It wasn’t like the Romans built bathroom chambers on the site of their wars. When you are fighting in a life or death battle - as Mars is well aware of - you cannot just halt and urinate as you see fit. It isn’t a game of hide-and-seek where you can call a time-out just because someone needs to make potty. It’s kill or be killed, a fight for life and for the rights of Romans everywhere!

Mars finally burst from the field of wheat. The Roman god weighed his options. He could teleport to Olympus and piss there. But teleporting may add extra tension to his groin, thus reducing his limited time even more. Come to think of it, Mount Etna wasn’t far. That would take even less strength to travel through teleportation. Mars’ brother, Vulcan (god of volcanos and blacksmiths), owned a forge on the mountain. Vulcan was certain to allow his brother access to his restroom. But was Mount Etna close enough that Mars would be able to hang on to his full pocket of piss through the teleportation process? He decided not to risk it. Showing up at Vulcan’s doorstep in soaked and dripping armor would be the most humiliating experience in the god of war’s entire existence.

Not to mention, it would be highly rude for Mars to just abandon his army right after they won a battle. Mars may have taken off, but he had every intention of returning to them as soon as his business was taken care of and celebrating with his army.

The heavy feeling in Mars’ abdomen was driving him loopier than a flock of vultures above a freshly deceased carcass.

Mars felt fury rising in his chest. The god of war was prepared to smash entire mountains, determined to find a toilet! Mars’ whole body burned with wrath.

Mars did not like this feeling and he desired to get rid of it. He was enraged that he could not. Mars’ rage was put into check when he heard familiar voices calling his name.

“Mars! Mars!” cried Virtus the Roman goddess of courage and military strength.

“Mars!” shouted Honos the god of honor.

“Mars, where are you?” trumped Virtus, hand cupped to her lips as a make-shift megaphone.

Mars saw Virtus and Honos’ heads sticking a few feet from the fields of crops. Using every swear word he knew, Mars gave his shaking penis the firmest squeeze of them all. He then composed himself and faced his two lieutenants of battle. Virtus and Honos followed Mars around and assisted him in every battle he fought in. Alongside his twin, Bellona, these two gods were Mars’ most trustworthy companions.

Honos was the first to spot Mars. The two gods emerged from the rows of wheat and stepped up to Mars. It took all of the war god’s might not to shift around. He pressed his legs as tight as they would go and resisted the urge to grasp his manhood. His poor organ was screaming in pain, but the war god refused to hold it. Not while Virtus and Honos were here anyway.

“Mars, you wandered off,” Virtus said in a tone that told Mars she had no idea she was speaking an obvious fact.

“Yes,” Mars squinted down at the two smaller deities. His knees were pressed into one another. Mars could feel the pressure build inside. Simply by not holding himself, Mars felt more pressure than ever before. He begged for these two to leave him in peace.

“I believe she means, why did you wander off?” Honos clarified.

Mars felt his face go as warm as his bladder. Pushing the desperation down, Mars managed, “I just need a moment to collect my thoughts.”

“What thoughts?” Virtus asked. “We won the war! That’s a good thing… Correct?”

“Of course it is,” Mars scowled. While having a conversation with these two may go in circles from time to time, Mars never found it as painful as he did now.

“Look, I just need some alone time,” Mars instructed. “Go back and inform the others that I shall be back within the hour.” Mars hoped that was true. But with his bladder as rock hard as it was now, he doubted he would finish this piss before the century was up. “On second thought,” Mars shuffled his legs upon feeling his bladder pang in his belly. “Tell the legion to return to base and I shall meet them there. We shall celebrate tonight, I promise. But as of now, I need a moment…” Mars readied his lips to add that he needed a loooong moment. But he figured he got the point across.

Apparently, he didn’t.

Virtus asked confused, “Why, Mars? Why do you wish to be alone? We just had a grand victory! We should celebrate now! If nothing else, Honos and I should accompany you wherever you are going. Why not have us join you?”

Mars’ head filled with curses at Virtus. But he refused to say them aloud. For the goddess of military strength, Virtus’ overly friendly persona always astounded Mars.

“Please, Virtus, I wish to be alone,” Mars’ knees stuck together like honey. His voice was far more gravely than it had been a moment before. But Mars could no longer hold back his irritability. The pressure in his bladder was sending his nerves into a spurt of anger.

“But why?” Virtus exclaimed. “After such a long battle, you should wish us to…”

“Leave me alone, Virtus,” Mars growled, unable to stop himself.

Virtus was taken aback by this. Virtus may be a boss at controlling a military’s strength, but she has very thin skin. The smallest insult can upset her. And now, she looked close to tears.

Mars’ face dribbled with sweat. Guilt caught up to him. Mars looked to Honos for help. The god of honor just shrugged, not knowing what to do himself. Mars remembered his darling girlfriend, Venus (goddess of love and beauty). Venus once sat Mars down on her lap. Twiddling with his long curly black beard, Venus told her lover gently that he had to learn to control his temper. Easy for her to say. As the goddess of beauty, no matter how many times Venus loses her cool, she can just flash people her smile and or boobs and they instantly forget they were ever mad. Mars, on the other hand, didn’t have a good smile nor boobs to flash.

Heaving a sigh, “Virtus, I’m so sorry,” Mars moaned, feeling his penis quake with urgency. “I just really have to use the restroom, okay? I just want to be alone to pee.”

The goddess of military strength wiped a tear river from her cheek. “Why not just say so? We would have given you privacy.”

“It’s embarrassing,” Mars said, standing on one leg as his opposite leg twirled around his first. “I’m the god of war. I am the second strongest of the Roman gods, only followed by Jupiter himself! I led the Roman armies into battle on a daily basis. We always win with my leadership. The blood-red planet in the sky is named after me. The first month of the year is named after me.” (The month of March was the first month back in these times). “There is a feast in my honor at the beginning of the calendar year. I am a truly powerful and beloved deity,” Mars wailed. “And here I am on the brink of wetting myself… Besides, Bellona would tease me indefinitely if she found out.”

Virtus forced a smile. “I get it,” she said. “I’m cranky when I have to go as well. Nothing to be ashamed of. Just because you're powerful doesn’t mean you don’t have the same needs as everyone else.” Virtus playfully slapped Mars on the back. “Go pee. We’ll just tell everyone you had to return to Olympus immediately or something.”

Mars was overcome with gratitude. “Thank you, Virtus,” he exclaimed. “You two, Honos!”

Honos gave Mars a salute and said, “And as far as Bellona goes, even she has to pee! She has nothing to taunt you about, lord Mars.” Honos then walked off with Virtus at his heels. The two minor Roman gods vanished behind the thicket of wheat stocks.

As soon as Virtus and Honos were gone, Mars nearly jumped from his skin. Without his consent, a sharp jet fired from his penis, resoaking the front of his toga. Mars’ chunky fingers flew to his lips. Mars could feel the individual hairs of his long curly beard. It was comforting in a time of crisis. Mars the mighty Roman god of War had leaked twice at this point. And he feared that this next leak would be his last.

Mars turned and rushed off in the opposite direction of Virtus and Honos.

No bathroom in sight, the Roman god would have to make due. Mars stood at the edge of a tall cliff. The cliff looked down into a valley. Far in the distance, Mars spotted a Roman settlement. But for the most part, this valley was simply nature. There were tall mountains and a flowing river at the bottom of the canyon. The sky was a nice dark color, the way Mars preferred it. Despite being two hundred feet below him, the running water of the creek made Mars’ dance become much more desperate.

The war god struggled to remove his armor. With a bladder seconds from popping, Mars’ massive fingers fumbled over the straps. It didn’t help that they were the size of hot dogs. Mars had to take a break to strangle his penis with all his strength. Yanking his penis left and right, Mars shouted angry curses at his disobedient pecker.

Mars imagined his sphincter being as strong as his shield. Mars thought deeply of the famous Shield of Mars which was stored in the Roman Forum. The priests of the Forum kept his shield protected. It was the most powerful shield in the land. Nothing could even pierce it. That is my sphincter, that is my sphincter, Mars thought to himself as he reattempted to remove his armor. My sphincter is strong like my shield. It shall not let a drop pass.

Sweating and stomping his foot, Mars finally loosened the last strap and allowed his gear to tumble to the ground in a cloud of dust.

In a flash of final desperation, Mars lifted his toga, allowing his penis to flop in the springtime air, dangling below his waist, pointing its agony down at the valley far below. Standing on the cliffside, a look of bliss washed over the war god’s face. An explosion of urine shot from the head of his penis. Mars whistled out a satisfied breath. Clear liquid shimmered in the early evening sun. The piss exited Mars’ body in a pleasant rush. Mars had never felt so much peace as he did then.

Mars just stood there, holding his toga up with both hands, as his body willingly caved into the vast amount of pressure. Mars didn’t even hold his junk. He just allowed his penis to point downwards and spray the valley below. Mars’ bladder drained in a single stream. It ran through his shaft and out of the urethral opening, covering the landscape in godly water.

Mars closed his eyes and smiled. He just stood there and allowed his thoughts to go wherever they liked. The pressure dropped and his penis peed.

Between the victory of battle and this tremendous urination, Mars certainly was feeling horny. He would give it to Venus good tonight!

Mars just stood at the cliff’s edge. While his penis hung low and fired strong in a state of barefaced ecstasy, Mars thought of all the wonderful things in his immortal life. The glory he brought to Rome. The Romans viewed him as a glorious god (much different from how they viewed his Greek counterpart, Ares, who was a coward and a hotheaded wimp). There was of course the birth of Mars’ twin sons, Romulus and Remus, the founders of Rome who were raised by wolves. There was his wonderful love life with Venus and all the times he and Bellona squared off in fake fights. (To which they were perfectly tied with who won). Mars had too many good things in his life to count. That - as well as his wonderful beard - makes him as far apart as his Greek counterpart, Ares, as day is different from night.

Mars stood on the cliff and peed and peed and peed and peed some more. His manly god’s bladder would take a very long time to run dry. Mars pulled off his toga so he was utterly naked. His eight-pack was exposed to the land as well as his majestic urinating cock. Now nude, Mars passed the time by cleaning the blood from his sword with a cloth. Mars assumed this would take a while since there was a lot of blood on his blade. And while, yes, cleaning such a sword took a long while, Mars’ bladder jet was still as strong as ever. Mars clapped his hips in a state of boredom. He conjured up a brush and began to style his beard just the way Venus liked. 

Knowing Venus, she was already prepared to make love tonight - especially after hearing of the successful battle - but an extra layer of sexiness never hurt. Even long after his beard was properly styled (a process that took longer than the founding of Rome), Mars’ penis was still squirting its essence down the gorge. Mars continued to wait. In a last-ditch effort to make the time go by faster, Mars had a mental argument with his rival, Minerva (goddess of wisdom). The two gods fought in Mars’ brain, having a heated discussion over whose tactics were better. Mars won the imaginary debate, naturally.

Mars let out a long-winded sigh. This glorious piss had once been phenomenal. But at this point, it was just annoying.

Mars’ penis continued to fire, with no end in sight. Mars attempted to bare down, making his member spray a stream thrice its current power. But after several minutes of relentless shoving, Mars quickly realized he was hardly making a dent in his bladder’s load. The war god promised himself then and there that he would never hold off pissing again. The longer the gods and goddesses held, the longer their eventual urinations.

Mars continued to stand there until the sun touched the horizon. Mars’ stream dribbled to a stop. Excitement rattled the god of war’s mind. But his stream just restarted and Mars huffed out his frustration. Nearing two hours of an endless stream and he still wasn’t done! Mars knew he had a bladder like a steel trap, but this was too much! How was it physically possible - even for a god - to hold this much without exploding? After seeing all he had contained, Mars felt less disgraceful about those earlier leaks. The sun was just visible by the time Mars’ stream stopped fully.

In the dark, Mars took his penis in his hand. (He had been peeing without any hands at this point). Mars gave his fellow a good shake, watching the final few drops of nectar fly off his strong and hefty manhood and tumble down into the valley below.

Placing his toga back on and gathering his discarded armor, Mars noticed something. Peering over the edge of his cliff, Mars realized, his urine stream was sweeping over the floor of the valley and running straight into the Roman settlement. It was an entire landslide of golden liquid flowing into the Roman town.

Mars turned as red as the planet named in his honor. But the relief felt too good to care. Mars just whistled casually and walked away from the scene of the crime, leaving the Romans to figure out why yellow water, the scent of wine, was pouring into their streets.

*043*2023-05-05 23:09

{{On 5/1/2023 at 2:33 AM, heygirlhey said:

Thank you so much for indulging the male omo fans! 💗 wonderfully done

}}

I also did a story about Maui the trickster god in the Hawaiian myths. Would you like to see me post his story next?

*046*2023-05-18 17:57

This next story is about Psyche the Greek goddess of the human soul. Let the record state that - unlike in my story - in actual Greek tradition, Hades never assigned Psyche to give tours of the Underworld, that is just a job I envision her having. As the goddess of the human soul, I could see Psyche greeting new arrivals to the Underworld.

Psyche’s legs remained as close together as the coffins of two lovers. Her knees twitched and her arms rested across her chest. Psyche attempted to remain still, but was finding it increasingly difficult as her bladder swelled to maximum captivity. The goddess of the soul knocked her knees together and swayed on her bare feet. If only she had thought to pee yesterday. That’s when her urge started getting bad. Psyche should have known something was wrong when she found that her bladder was so uncomfortable, she couldn’t sleep. But she didn’t feel like getting out of bed. Now she was tired and aching full. She also hadn't had anything to drink all day because of her urge.

Psyche was still learning how to be a goddess. It wasn’t easy being born mortal and becoming an all-powerful immortal later in life. It was worth it of course. But these things took some time to get used to.

Psyche spotted a dark boat rowing up to the shore of the River Styx. Charon the ferryman paddled across the dark waters with a single oar. Standing and sitting all around the ferryman were a dozen or so souls venturing to the underworld. Watching the oily waters churn and shift around the oar and the boat made Psyche feel as if someone was taking a boat ride across her bladder’s surface.

Once Charon came to a stop, the souls piled off of the boat.

“Thank you, Charon,” Psyche said.

The ferryman just nodded under his dark hood and began paddling back towards the opposite bank of the Styx.

“Hello, everyone,” Psyche said. The souls were busy chattering amongst themselves. Their voices sounded like wind chimes getting crushed with rocks. “My name is Psyche and I am the goddess of the soul.” The chatter slowly came to an end and Psyche just continued speaking. “I am excited to show you all around your new home of the underworld! I have not been here long, so forgive me if I am a little bit shaky at this…” As she said the word, ‘shaky’, the goddess could feel her bladder buzz against her pelvis floor. “C… Come with me…” Psyche’s voice trembled.

Psyche had to walk carefully, keeping her legs together. The goddess of the soul was truly amazed at her new godly form. She has been a goddess for a few months now and her new godly body never ceased to amaze her. Psyche has not peed in nearly a week. If any mortal tried that, they would have literally blown to pieces and died. Yet, here Psyche was. Holding her pee for almost eight days now. One day, Psyche wanted to test herself and see how long she could really hold for curiosity's sake. Of course, it made Psyche’s new job more difficult to give tours with a full bladder. But Hades gave her weekends off. Maybe if Psyche carefully planned it, she could hold her piss during the week and blow up during the weekend. It was Friday and a long weekend was coming up. If Psyche could just hold the rest of today, maybe she could learn more about her godly body over the long weekend.

Psyche showed the group the Judgment Pavillion where souls of the dead were judged on how they lived their lives. There was Cerberus the three-headed hound that guarded the gates to the underworld. Psyche explained how the underworld was divided into three main sections. The Fields of Elysium for the ones pure of heart who would be rewarded in the afterlife. The Fields of Asphodel were for those who lived a mediocre existence and would be forced to stand around doing nothing for the rest of eternity. And the Fields of Punishment where those who lived a rotten life were punished for their sins.

Psyche mentioned some of the noteworthy villains to wander down here. There was Sisyphus who cheated death twice. So he was forced to push a boulder up a hill for the rest of the time. There was Tantalus who fed his own son to the gods and as punishment was never allowed food or drink again.

Psyche warned the group to stay away from the cave entrance leading down to Tartarus. Tartarus is so dangerous, that the gods didn’t even allow the worst mortals to go down there. They couldn’t handle it. Tartarus was reserved solely for the Titans, monsters, giants, or any of the gods’ most powerful enemies.

Psyche also said that if the souls needed anything, they could visit Hades’ palace. Psyche also told the mortals where to find her cave. The souls thanked her and began to form a lion at the Judgment Pavilion so they could learn where they belonged in the land of the deceased.

The first tour of the day was done! Now only… Several more… Psyche knew she was immortal now… But her bladder seriously felt like it was going to burst before the day was out.

Psyche gave tour after tour. Countless undead faces passed by the Judgment Pavilion. Over the past few months, Psyche noticed a pattern. Some souls left the Judgment Pavilion dancing and cheering. Some had to be dragged against their will by guards all while kicking and screaming of how they were cheated. And others left the Judgment Table looking rather skeptical, but also relieved at the same time. It was quite easy to tell who was assigned where.

Psyche managed to forget about her bladder for some time. Every now and then she would get an incredible urge and she would be forced to stick a hand up her toga and squeeze herself at the surge of her urgency… Her vulva. But for the most part, the goddess of the soul was able to carry on her day.

The day finally ended with the final tour and Charon shut down his boat rides until tomorrow, leaving lots of disappointed souls on the other side of the Styx. Psyche felt sorry for them, but just like her bladder, Charon’s boat was only so big.

After the rest of the souls went on their way to the Judgment Pavilion, Psyche took this as her opportunity to return to her cave. Psyche lived on the far end of the underworld. She could just teleport and arrive there in a finger snap. But she enjoyed walking through the underworld. She had to pass through the Fields of Asphodel and she knew the poor souls there appreciated her company. It was the only company they had, really. Besides each other that is. Plus, based on what Psyche has heard from her fellow gods - she loved calling them that now - teleporting with a full bladder added tons of extra pressure to it making the already feeling of discomfort skyrocketed.

Psyche wandered down the plains of Asphodel, waving to the bored souls she passed by. Psyche had to stop several times to grab herself. Many souls asked her if she was okay. The goddess of souls fibbed that she was and went on her way.

At long last, Psyche approached her cave. She ventured inside and found her small cave which contained her bed and chests. In the back of her cave, there was a giant graveyard that represented each and every soul in the land of the dead. Psyche plopped on her bed and began to debate what to do next. She wanted to pee. How she wanted to pee! But Psyche was still (no pun intended) dying to know how much her newly acquired goddess bladder could hold. Psyche had always been a curious girl. Not as curious as Pandora… But curious nonetheless. It was that curiosity that killed Psyche in the first place!

She recalled the day Aphrodite forced Psyche to prove her love for Aphrodite’s son, Eros, and do many challenges. Gather grain seeds, get water from on top of a waterfall… But the hardest task of them all had been to bring Persephone a box of make-up. Psyche looked inside and bam! The godly makeup killed her. Fortunately, though, Eros asked Hades to revive his love, and Hades - a sucker for a love story - agreed. That is why Psyche joined Hades in the first place. To thank him for bringing her back to life so Eros could turn her into his immortal bride.

But back to her bladder, Psyche could feel immense pressure inside her pelvis and it only continued to increase. Psyche’s whole lower body was cramping up from the effort to contain her waters. Psyche reached into a chest and produced a fresh bottle of nectar. Psyche had only started drinking nectar after she became a goddess - if mortals drink this stuff, it will kill them - and Psyche loved it! Nectar was without a doubt her new favorite drink and ambrosia her new favorite food.

Psyche held the cool bottle of yellow liquid in her palms. She did find it awfully strange that nectar looked so much like urine. Psyche wondered why someone would invent nectar to look this way. Psyche held her head back and began gulping down the yellow drink. On the third or fourth swallow, Psyche could feel the pressure rise even higher. It got so bad, that one of Psyche’s hands abandoned the drink and held her privates instead.

Soon the bottle was gone and Psyche could feel her urge at an all-time high. Psyche also noticed her bladder had grown so far out, it was pulling her toga outwards. Psyche’s bladder felt rock hard. It was kind of satisfying to watch it grow and expand. This whole situation was satisfying. Psyche had never felt this way before. It was just some week-old urine. She should empty it. But Psyche found that she wanted to let her piss sit there. At least for now. She also found that her motivation for this decision was no longer simply ‘see how much I can hold’. Psyche kind of enjoyed this full feeling. Her insides were so toasty like cuddling under a blanket on a cold winter night with your romantic partner. Psyche had never felt like this before. In all of her years as a human, she had never enjoyed holding her pee like this. Was being a goddess that much different?

Before Psyche could come to terms with her thoughts, there was a knock on the cave wall.

“May I enter?” Hades called, standing in the cave entrance. Hades’ voice was slow and gloomy like he had lived his entire life without happiness.

“Yes, my lord,” Psyche quickly jumped from her seating position to greet her new boss. As soon as she stood, however, as quick as a blink, Psyche could feel the pressure migrate from her abdomen all the way down to her vulva. She felt as if a discus was pressing down on her lady parts. The sensation made her droll.

“I just wanted to thank you for all your hard work,” Hades leaned against the wall. “You have adjusted quite nicely. Even Charon says you are handling your new position well.”

“Charon? I didn’t know that guy talked,” Psyche joked.

“Yes, well, at any rate, thank you,” Hades said.

“I thank you for taking a chance on me and bringing me back to life,” Psyche said. “If it wasn’t for you my lord, Eros and I never would have married and his mom probably would never have accepted me.”

“Yes, well, I believe Pan the lord of the wild played a role in convincing your mother-in-law of your fine characteristics,” Hades pointed out. Psyche remained how the satyr god had comforted her when she was sad about her and Eros’ breakup. He even went out of his way to convince Demeter and Zeus to help Psyche in Aphrodite’s challenges.

“I owe a lot to you and lord Pan,” Psyche smiled warmly.

Hades was silent. But Psyche could tell he was fond of her statement. His eyes landed on Psyche’s bulge. Psyche could see the lord of the dead’s mind move from thought to thought. “Are you are Eros expecting already?” Hades asked in shock. Hades’ shock was justified given that Psyche and Eros had been married for three months at this point. And when you are an immortal god, there is no rush to start a family.

Psyche realized far too late that as she talked with Hades, she was rubbing her hand over her bladder the exact same way a mother would do to an unborn child.

“Of sorts,” Psyche replied with a grin. “But it’s not his. Actually, it is just mine.”

Hades was taken aback by this comment. Psyche smiled. Hades blinked like he misheard.

“But when Eros and I do have kids, I like the name Hedone. I think it would make a rather nice girl name,” Psyche stated. “My lord, I was wondering… Do you get to choose what your child becomes the god of? Like, did you choose for your kids?”

“No, but you can guide them down a certain path. In the end, it is their decision,” Hades explained.

Psyche replied to this, “I would like my child to be the god or goddess of physical joy. I think that’s appropriate.” Psyche addressed the final comment down at her bladder.

“Well, I just wanted to thank you for all of your hard work again,” Hades said. “See you on Tuesday.” Hades gave one last look at Psyche’s giant bulge.

The poor god was probably concerned about why Psyche chose to have a child all alone when she had a husband who she was in a good relationship with. Hera had Hephestus all by herself. But Hera and Zeus’ relationship was the definition of toxic.

Once Hades was gone, Psyche sat back down on her bed and cracked open another nectar.

Eros had sent Hermes to the underworld to inform Psyche he was working late tonight but he would meet her in the underworld in the morning. Psyche hated when Eros worked late, but she knew the god of love was busy. Besides, that would give Psyche some extra time to play.

Psyche briefly debated masturbating but eventually decided against it. For she knew if she laid a single finger on any part of her vulva, she would burst in seconds. And she wanted to hold in her flood for as long as physically possible.

Psyche still refused to empty. She lay down in bed. Her hands stayed firm against her panging pee hole. Her sore bladder brushed up against the bed and added pascals of pressure. Try as she might, Psyche could not sleep like this. Her bladder was way too full. The goddess of souls could barely turn over without rupturing. Psyche still wanted to see how long she could hold at her max, sure. But she also loved this feeling. Psyche wished she could keep it in forever. Oh, why did she have to empty it at all? She was a flipping goddess now! She should be able to hold for as long and as much as she liked. Why did gods have limits anyway? Doesn't that define the purpose of being immortal? It wasn't fair!

After hours of lying awake with her legs shaking, Psyche’s tired mind finally settled on a sad truth. She had to pee. Psyche would never be able to get to sleep if her bladder stayed this full. But still, the goddess of souls refused to empty it all! If only there was some way to measure so she wouldn’t let out too much…

Looking at the dark ground, Psyche found her answer…

Psyche reached down and pulled one of her empty nectar bottles up onto the bed. The opening was a little smaller than a drachma. If Psyche angled carefully, she might be able to make it.

In a fit of horniness, the goddess of the soul quickly tore her toga to the side and placed the bottle as far against her pee hole as it would go. As soon as the empty bottle was in place, Psyche let loose. She allowed her tired muscles to calm down and contract. And as soon as they did, a fountain of hot piss blasted from Psyche’s cooch and quickly sped to the top of the bottle. Psyche moaned, quickly stopping her stream. She admired her handwork. She managed to fill this single bottle in less than five seconds. Psyche could feel herself orgasm, her whole body trembling with erotic feelings as she drained the pent-up piss from her pressurized pee pouch!

Psyche carefully set the almost overflowing bottle of piss back to her cave floor. That helped a bit, but Psyche feared she still wouldn’t be able to sleep. So, she grabbed a second bottle and spent the next ten seconds filling this one.

Bottle after bottle Psyche refilled them with golden nectar. Just a different kind of nectar this time! Kidney nectar to be precise! Psyche had to urinate so badly, she managed to fill these relatively large bottles in a matter of seconds. After filling half a dozen bottles, Psyche stood and carefully rearranged these six large bottles of urine on her trunk. Psyche admired the bubbly golden water. She couldn’t believe all of this came out of her! It was just one urination and she still had loads more in the tank!

Psyche just felt so naughty and rambunctious. She was a grown woman pissing into bottles and leaving them all around. Just holding her pee felt so wrong. Her whole life her parents told her to go when she had to go. But now… What would her parents say about this? What would her sisters say about this? What would Eros say about this? Psyche wished Eros would flap his wings in here and give her a nice, hard spanking. She deserved it for being so naughty! Should Psyche tell Eros about this? No. He wouldn’t understand. As the goddess of the human soul, Psyche vowed to take this to her grave.

Psyche picked up one of the bottles and carefully, without spilling, ran the warm bottle over her face. It was so warm, it was like sitting around a campfire. Psyche’s pee even smelled good! Psyche’s entire body trembled with excitement and indecency. The goddess of the soul couldn’t wait for her big release!

Having happily drained one-tenth of her bladder’s pressure, Psyche set down the bottle, eagerly leaped into bed, and prayed to Hypnos for a good night's sleep. But with all of her excitement - for the first time since their marriage - Psyche completely forgot about Eros.

Psyche awoke with aches and pains covering her body. Her sleep was pretty okay, but her bladder was screaming for release. That pressure Psyche had taken off of her bladder last night paled in comparison to how much she still held back. If anything, it appeared like her bladder had grown since last night!

As Psyche prepared to turn over in bed, she saw a black shadow that made her spring up as if someone had replaced her mattress with nails. Standing off to the side, hunched over, observing Psyche’s now freezing cold pee bottles… Was Eros his black shadowy wings flapping lightly, feathers molting off, his eyes affixed upon Psyche’s bottle tinkle.

Hearing a soft noise, Eros turned. Eros and Psyche’s eyes met. Psyche felt herself go beat red. Eros looked down at Psyche’s tummy. That only made the soul goddess go even more red. Psyche was instantly awake. Her heart pounded, her bladder throbbed, and her head spun with fear, all as she awaited her husband’s reaction.

“What’s this?” Eros asked.

Before she even had time to think over her answer, Psyche spit out, “What’s what?”

“This?” Eros pointed to the bottles. “They don't smell too good. Is that pee?” Psyche sweat. “And why is your stomach so bloated?” Eros added. Psyche wished she could just have a heart attack. Can gods even get heart attacks? Psyche wished she had never come back to life. This was the most humiliated she has ever been! “Psyche?” Eros stepped forward and placed a hand on his wife’s shoulder. “You can talk to me,” he said calmly. “No more secrets, remember?”

Psyche knew he was referring to when they first met. Eros had been sent by his mother to make Psyche fall in love with a monster. Psyche was even more beautiful than Aphrodite. Naturally, Aphrodite wanted Psyche and her social life destroyed. Instead, Eros fell in love with Psyche. But thanks to his mother, he couldn’t tell Psyche who he was. So, Eros asked his servant, Zephyrus, the west wind god to bring Psyche to him. Eros and Psyche lived together for several weeks, but Eros forbade Psyche from looking him in the face. Fortunately, this was rather easy as Eros had the ability to turn invisible. Except for when he was asleep that is. But after being convinced by her sisters, one night Psyche looked upon Eros as he slept. Long story short, Eros flew away heartbroken, Pan comforted Psyche, and Psyche had to do three challenges for Aphrodite to prove herself, it was a whole mess.

“I promised to no longer keep secrets from you,” Eros sat beside his wife, holding his arm around her. “Please don’t keep secrets from me.”

Psyche didn’t know if it was just his words or the way he said it, but she told him everything. At first, she was just impressed with the captivity of her godly bladder and wished to test it out. But then, Psyche began to enjoy the arousing feeling of a heavy bladder. Unable to sleep with so much inside, she peed into half a dozen bladders but that barely took down the pressure. Only enough to sleep for the night.

“You must think I’m sick,” Psyche held her head. As she talked, she continued to run her hand over her bladder. It felt too good to stop. “But pee is just so warm and comforting,” Psyche protested. “And I am so impressed with myself, babe! Even as a mortal, my bladder was pretty big. I had relatively good holding power even back then. But now… I haven’t pissed fully in a week and I peed six whole bottles without breaking a sweat!”

“Godly bladders are pretty cool, huh?” Eros smiled.

“They are!” Psyche wailed. Psyche smiled down at her bladder bump, continuing to lightly massage it. “This is my favorite part of being a goddess!”

Psyche quickly caught herself. “Besides being married to you of course.”

The god of love chucked. “And no,” he said. “I don’t think you are sick. Babe, as the god of love, I know all about fetishes! We are all into something and yours is fairly normal.”

Psyche hesitated. “It is?”

Eros shrugged. “Compared to most sexual things… Yeah.” Eros ran a hand over Psyche’s back. “Don’t feel bad, babe. I think it is kind of hot you’re into something so… Bizarre!”

Psyche knew she should tell her husband. Eros was so understanding and empathetic! “Hey…” Psyche stopped herself.

“What?” Eros prompted.

Psyche used her finger to trace circles around her bulge. “It’s nothing.”

“No, tell me.”

“Nothing…”

“Psyche…”

“Okay, okay… I was just wondering…” Psyche slowly looked up. “Would you… Yeh know… Be down to… Play… With me?”

“You mean the urine thing?”

Psyche turned pale. “Yeah…”

Eros’ wings fluttered softly behind him. “I would be honored.”

Psyche resumed her lying down position. Eros knelt on the bed over his wife and rested his fingertips on her bladder. Eros gently pushed his fingers farther into the rock-like texture of his wife’s urinary bladder. Eros then raised his fingers to the sky and pressed his wrists into her tender skin. Psyche felt countless twinges in her bladder following the added pressure of her husband’s hands.

“My bladder feels like an ocean,” Psyche moaned.

“Mumph.”

“Like my bladder is a slave to the rest of my body,” Psyche rolled her head back and forth. “The caged-up urine hurrrrrts…” Psyche extended the word via a moan.

“I know, baby,” Eros replied gently. “Do you wish me to stop?”

“Gods no,” Psyche gasped. “It feels too damn good…”

Psyche could feel her clit as hard as her bladder. The bladder pain was accompanied by a twitching pee hole. Psyche knew she would be unable to bare the pressure much longer. But she wanted this moment to last for all of eternity. Eros was in on her secret and he was playing with her and her bulge. What more could a goddess ask for?

Eros pressed his entire elbow down into Psyche’s bladder. The pressure made her salivate. Psyche begged her sphincter to stay closed. Not because she was afraid of wetting. But because she didn’t want this moment to end.

This whole situation seemed so improper and wicked. And those very thoughts only made the stiffness of Psyche’s clitoris increase.

Eros was quiet the entire time. Psyche felt as if he was mesmerized by her bladder as much as she was. Her theory was further backed up by the fact that Eros’ pupils never once diverged from the massive bump that was Psyche’s inflated piss bag.

After another hour of Eros’ poking and prodding, the love god being silent the whole time, he finally asked, “Have you always been into this stuff?”

“No,” Psyche bit down hard on her lip on a particularly sharp push from Eros. “as a mortal, I never held my pee. My parents told me it was wrong and I suppose as a mortal it is kind of unhealthy. Even as a goddess, I never went crazy withholding. Until now that is. And I love it!” Psyche’s legs were crossed as tight as bandits hold onto a treasure. “I hate to say it, babe, but I gotta piss soon…”

“Just let me know when you’re at your limit,” Eros replied.

As Eros continued to press down on the soul goddess’ bulge, Psyche’s mind began racing and she thought of where she would empty. She didn’t want to use her chamber pot. One, her volume of piss proudly wouldn’t fit inside it and two, Psyche wanted to do it somewhere naughtier! And she knew just the place. But how would Eros react?

“Babe,” Psyche said a moment later, reaching her hand over her mountain of a bladder to grasp her furry vulva. “It’s time.”

Eros’ expression went in stages upon hearing his wife’s request. First, it was surprising then disgusted then worry then deep in thought, and finally, he settled on mischievous.

Psyche first got completely naked, allowing her perky breasts to bounce around. Having accidentally seen her mother-in-law naked once, Psyche knew that Aphrodite was right… Psyche was hotter than her! While Psyche’s boobs weren’t nearly as big as the goddess of love’s, they were a lot fuller and perfectly symmetrical. Psyche kind of felt like she had three breasts given how massive her bladder had gotten. But even then, her bladder completely overshadowed her boobs!

Psyche and Eros ventured to the end of the cave. And there, they came face to face with the infinite number of gravestones.

“You sure about this?” Eros asked nervously.

“These gravestones are here pretty much just to keep track of all the souls in the underworld,” Psyche explained.

“I thought that was your job as the goddess of souls,” Eros pointed out.

Ignoring this comment, Psyche said, “It is not like real people are buried here. They are all buried below the surface of the earth.”

“Okay, if you insist,” Eros said. Judging by the crotch area of Eros’ toga, Psyche could tell he was aroused. That was good enough for her.

Standing up, Psyche moderately moved her pussy lips higher up than they were supposed to be. Then… She gave in to the pressure and allowed her bladder to drain. Relief washed over the goddess of the soul’s face. Psyche happily wagged her labia around, showering an entire row of tombstones in golden nectar twice. Psyche went around the graveyard, pissing on each and every stone she could.

“Some for you. And some for you. And a little for you. Don’t worry, you’ll all get my lovely hot hiss,” Psyche giggled to the headstones.

Eros just watched. His penis grew sturdier and sturdier with each passing second. It got to the point that a pitched tent was clearly visible, making Eros’ lower toga stick out.

Psyche laughed like crazy as she drained her exploding bladder all over the tombstones, showering each and everyone in her blessed yellow water. Psyche’s bladder pressure slowly decreased as the goddess of the soul emptied it all over the graveyard. Psyche knew that she and Eros would have to do stuff like this more often. For now, each of them was flaring with sexual excitement.

