Godly Desperation - Page 2

Author: UrineLover1

*039*2023-04-13 16:13

This next story was a suggestion from @warham1995

. This story is about the Norse goddesses Freya goddess of love, fertility, war, and magic, and Frigg the Queen of the Asgard gods, and the goddess of motherhood and marriage. Enjoy!

Freya kept her legs crossed under her dress. If only she thought to pee before venturing to Odin’s feast. Truth be told, Freya didn’t even need to go that badly. When she left her own palace, Sessrúmnir in the lands of Fólkvangr, Freya diffidently felt a small twinge in her bladder. But it was easily distractible. The urge was on the low side of things, so Freya just saddled up her chariot and went on her way to Odin’s with the intention of peeing later. But as she drove her chariot over the icy terrain, every bump in the road jolted her bladder, making the goddess of love closer and closer to losing control.

Freya was one of the most powerful Vanir gods, she would not piss herself like a weak mortal would! Freya crossed and uncrossed her legs repeatedly, the urge building with each bump her chariot passed.

The two large cats yanking Freya’s chariot barreled onward, none the wiser of their mistress’ predicament. Freya wanted to holler at them to be careful, but she was afraid her wise felines may catch onto her discomfort. So, the goddess of fertility kept her mouth shut and endured the rest of the agonizing ride in silence.

After many more bumps in the road, Freya’s cats drew to a slow stop. Freya’s chariot stood before a grand palace, twice the size of her own. Odin’s palace stood at the center of Asgard with the Bifrost bridge off to its side.

Freya parked her chariot in the lot and dismounted. Just standing up caused all of Freya’s internal pressure to zip down onto her womanhood. The goddess lifted a leg to his crotch and grit her teeth in agony. Freya noticed her cats staring at her. While her team of animals may not have been able to speak, they were as wise as Freya was and able to understand human situations.

Freya quickly regained her posture and sat her foot back on the ground. “My leg fell asleep,” the goddess of fertility lied. “It was a long ride from Fólkvangr.” That was a lie, and no one knew that better than Freya’s cats, the ones who pulled the chariot. In reality, Fólkvangr was so close, Freya could have just walked. The chariot ride was less than five minutes. But she didn’t know what else to say.

Freya’s cats exchanged looks, clearly skeptical about their mistress’ statement.

Freya brushed them off. They were just cats. They went in a litter box - granted a giant one - they knew nothing of human needs.

Swiping a hand at her feline friends as a way to tell them to drop it, Freya turned and hobbled up the massive staircase and into Odin, the all-father’s, grand hall.

“There’s my sis,” Freyr the Norse god of peace, fertility, rain, and sunshine approached Freya. Freyr had his arms outstretched, as he advanced towards Freya.

Freya gulped, knowing full well what was about to happen. The goddess of love readied herself to tell her brother she was in no mood for a hug. But if she did that, she would surely be questioned on why. And that was a question she couldn’t answer without humiliation.

So, Freya sucked it up and allowed her twin brother, Freyr to squeeze the life out of her. Freyr has always been a big hugger. He acted as if he hadn’t seen his twin in six years. Freyr grabbed Freya and lifted her off the ground. That movement alone forced the goddess’ bladder to cower. To worsen her situation, Freyr gave Freya the most intense squeeze of the goddess’ immortal life.

Freyr’s arms closed around Freya’s center, flattening her bulging bladder farther into her abdomen. Freya could feel her brother’s large arms pinch her bladder, making her ready to spurt. Freya could do nothing but bare down on her muscles and make a face of agony. Fortunately, with Freya’s head pointed the opposite direction, Freyr couldn’t see her look of torture.

“Freyr, put your sister down, you're hurting her,” said Njörd, god of the wind and the sea and the father to twins Freya and Freyr. Njörd came clambering over, using his oar as a walking stick.

“Huh?” Freyr looked ashamed, quickly setting his twin sister down. “Sorry, sis.”

“It’s fine, you weren’t hurting me,” Freya lied, crossing her leg casually in front of her.

“Good to see you, dear,” Njörd said, giving Freya a much more gentle hug than Freyr. While a second hug wasn’t ideal, it was still preferred to the bladder-bursting hug Freyr gave.

“Hi, daddy,” Freya kissed her father on the cheek.

“Ah, my girl, the most beautiful of the goddesses,” Njörd mused, tucking his daughter’s hair behind her ear.

Freya blushed. “Oh, daddy, stop…”

“You okay, sis,” Freyr asked, worry in his tone. “You look… Odd…” Freyr’s eyes looked his twin up and down, landing on her slightly gelatinous state.

No matter how hard she tried, the lovely Freya couldn’t stop bouncing. Her bladder was roaring louder than Gjallarhorn (the horn to signal Ragnarök). The goddess of love had to clutch her dress in her fists to keep from grabbing at her goddess parts. She could feel embarrassment flush her face.

“My legs are just sore from the long chariot drive over,” Freya lied.

“Isn’t your palace only a five-minute ride from here?” Freyr asked.

“What is with everyone and knowing the exact layout of Asgard?” Freya spat.

Freyr recoiled. “Sorry, sis, no need to get testy, I just…”

“I’m not testy!” Freya snapped, probably not helping her case. “I’m fine, okay, I’m just going to go and mingle.” Before her father or brother could say another word, Freya darted off between the long tables.

Freya could always use the bathroom, but as a goddess of war, she never liked the easy way out. As a Viking goddess, the way Freya saw it was this was war. Her bladder vs her willpower. No matter how much her bladder acted out, Freya would not urinate. To do so was a sign of weakness. And Freya - being the most attractive and strongest female deity - was by no means weak. Bathrooms were for the weak. Freya was a strong goddess and she could manage a little bit of water in her system.

Freya explored the halls as gods and goddesses filled in, all of them in conversation with one another. Freya took a soft breath, forcing her mind to relax. She was a strong goddess and she would not be bullied by her bladder. Freya removed her legs from one another and walked normally. She could feel her ball of urine swish around from side to side in her abdomen. But she ignored the constant signals being sent to her brain and continued walking along the halls of Odin, as though nothing was wrong at all.

Freya spotted Frigg who was carrying a large horn filled to the brim with mead. Frigg poured mead in the goblets laid out on the table. It was Frigg, the Queen of Asgard’s duty, to provide the mead at her husband, Odin’s banquets.

While watching golden liquid pour from horn to cup, an unbearable sloshing sound echoed off the metal glass and appeared to shake the grand hall. Freya, however, was the only one that appeared to feel the true power of the sound of alcohol. At least, that’s what she originally thought.

Freya then realized, even as she poured the drinks, Frigg was arching her lower legs repeatedly in a sort of dancing motion. This was a dance that Freya knew all too well. The bathroom dance!

Freya braced herself and approached the desperate queen.

“Frigg,” Freya called.

Frigg turned. The queen pushed the horn of mead to her crotch, using the horn to hold her genitalia in the sliest way possible. “Freya, hello,” Frigg said, still moving her legs in an ebb-and-flow pattern. “Is there something you need?”

Freya debated how to answer this. One particular word rang in her mind. “The bathroom,” she replied. The only reason Freya felt comfortable admitting this was due to the fact that Frigg also clearly needed to go.

“I feel you,” Frigg moaned, staring to the ceiling. “But there are many more drinks to pour. Do you know where the bathroom is or do you need me to direct you?”

“No thanks,” Freya said. “I don’t plan on using it either. I’m too tough to go and take a leak. I can easily hold it until the feast is over.”

“Me too,” Frigg nodded. “We are truly powerful goddesses, Freya. We can hold our piss until the feast has concluded. I just fear I may give in and go.”

‘What do you mean?”

“Like…” Frigg looked around to make sure no one could hear. Leaning in, she whispered, “Freya, between us goddesses, I urgently need to go. I haven't gone in a solid month and it is catching up to me fast. I fear my urge may get the better of me and I’ll be forced to leave the feast to urinate like some lesser goddess.”

Freya considered this. Her urge was also rapidly building. If the goddesses didn’t do something, they may succumb to the pressure of their heavy bladders and use the toilet. Neither goddess wanted this. As arguably the two most powerful female deities in the entire Norse pantheon, it would be pathetic for them to have to widdle before the feast ended in a few hours. But as their bladders filled and grew more and more uncomfortable, the goddesses knew very well they may fall to the temptation the restroom provided.

If only there was something… Or someone that could help us resist the urge, Freya thought to herself. And aloud to Frigg, she said, “I have an idea.”

Thor the thunder god sat with his feet up on the table, leaning back on the wooden bench. Thor’s head was turned back and he poured some mead poured by Frigg, Thor’s stepmom, down his all-powerful gullet.

Freya and Frigg approached the son of Odin. Thor let out a powerful belch and looked up as he saw the two goddesses walk towards him.

“Hey, Thor,” Freya said.

“Hi, Thor,” said Frigg.

“‘Supp, ladies,” Thor replied, taking a large gulp of mead. “How’s it going?”

“Pretty well, I suppose,” Freya replied. “We actually came to ask you for a favor.”

Licking his empty goblet, Thor slammed the metal on the table and sat up straight. “What can I do you for?” Thor lifted up his mighty hammer, Mjölnir and heaved it over his shoulder. The hammer crackled with electricity. “Need me to bash some heads for you?”

The goddesses looked at one another and then back to the temperamental thunder god. “Uh, no,” Frigg said simply.

“Actually, Thor,” Freya cleared her throat. “This is a tad bit awkward to share with you, but Frigg and I… Really need to use the bathroom.”

Thor’s face was a mix of emotions. But the two that stood out were confusion at why they were telling him this and disappointment that he didn’t need to bash heads. “Okay…” Thor said, not knowing what else to say.

“You see, Thor, Freya and I are two very powerful goddesses,” Frigg said. “We are strong and mighty, it would be mortifying to our power, if we urinated in such a short time frame. This feast is only a few hours. What goddesses would we be if we peed within that time.”

“Even if no one sees us go, we would never forgive ourselves for urinating before the feast is out,” Freya said. “But we fear the urge will get so strong that we will be forced to rush to the toilet.”

“So, we ask you, Thor,” Frigg batted her eyelashes at the thunder god.

“Please, oh, please, courageous Thor,” Freya smiled in her most captivating way. “Do not let us pee. No matter how much we need it, no matter how we beg, do not let us go.”

“We don’t care if you must tackle us on our way to the loo,” Frigg added. “Freya and I are too puissant to take a little tinkle like a small bladdered mortal. We refuse to piss until the feast is out and we ask you to see to it that we do not go.”

Thor frowned. “I don’t know,” he said. “We may be gods, but even we must pee from time to time. It’s nothing to be shameful of. If you want my advice, just go. No one will think less of you.”

The goddesses looked at one another once more.

Freya placed a gentle hand on Thor’s shoulders, crossing her legs under her. “Please, oh, strong Thor… If anyone can keep us from the toilet, it is you.”

“You are so big and strong, Thor,” Frigg took a seat on Thor’s lap, folding her shaking legs as she did so. Twirling Thor’s beard, Frigg then said, “Please keep us from urinating before the feast ends. We do not wish to soil our reputation as strong Viking goddesses, after all.”

Thor flinched, having two of the most attractive - if not the most attractive - Norse female deities crawling all over him. Thor may be a son of Odin, but he was only man.

“O… Okay, if you insist,” Thor replied. Then with much more confidence, “Don’t worry, ladies, you shall not leak a drop on my watch!”

“Thank you, oh powerful, Thor,” Freya whispered in the thunder god’s ear, and then both goddesses gave him a kiss on each cheek. With Freya on his left cheek and Frigg on his right, Thor turned as red as freshly spilled blood.

“We shall sit next to you,” Freya took a seat beside Thor. “That way, if either FrIgg or I try to make a run for the restroom, you can hold us down.”

Each goddess sat on either side of the still-blushing thunder god.

It wasn’t long until Odin started the feast.

Gods and goddesses alike took their seats while the all-father announced his gratitude to have all of his family and friends at his banquet, blah, blah, blah. Neither Frigg nor Freya could hear Odin too well over the increasing urgency their bladders were producing. Frigg stared down at the wooden table, her hands secured into the folds of her silky dress. Freya meanwhile kept her legs crossed as tight as possible and drummed her fingers on the table as a way to distract herself. Unlike Frigg, Freya kept her eyes on Odin and did her hardest to focus on his boring speech. As tiresome as Odin’s words were, they were a good way to distract her from her bladder. (If Odin’s speech was a little more rousing, maybe it would have helped. But as it was, Odin was so dull, Freya doubted any of the gods were paying attention).

After what felt like months of emotionless drag, Odin finally said in his dry tone, “Now, let us feast.”

The gorgeous Huldras served platters of bread, meat, and dairy. The divine gods happily dug into their meal.

Engaged in enjoyable conversation, it was slightly easier for the two goddesses to forget their bladder’s woes and have a grand time at the feast.

“So, Freya, how are your daughters doing?” Thor asked.

“Fine,” Freya replied. “As my daughter, Gersemi has many gentlemen callers, naturally. And Hnoss is making friends and breaking hearts. It is tough for all of us right now as my husband, Odr, is once again traveling the nine worlds on business.”

“That’s too bad,” Thor said, biting into a large piece of goat.

“On the bright side, when I cried, my tears brought to life a field of daisies,” Freya mentioned.

Thor lifted his refilled goblet - courtesy of Frigg. “Silver lining,” Thor said supportively.

“Yeah,” Freya ran her hands up and down her calf.

“You okay, Frigg?” Thor asked, turning to his right.

There sat the Queen of the Aesir gods. Frigg wasn’t touching her food. Instead, her eyes were fixated on her goblet of mead. Frigg watched as a series of bubbles rose to the surface and popped. The yellow alcohol seemed to be taunting Frigg. The goddess of marriage wanted to toss her goblet out the window. Just looking at the concoction filled Frigg’s urinary bladder with panic.

Frigg jumped to her feet, banging her knees on the underside of the table. Frigg opened her mouth, letting out a silent scream. Her bladder was fluttering against her sphincter, nearly forcing fluid through the muscle barrier.

“I’ll be right back,” Frigg croaked out, making to leave.

Thor reached out and grabbed the queen’s arm. “Oh no, you don’t,” Thor warned. “You asked me to keep you from the bathroom and that’s exactly as I plan to do.”

Frigg’s eyes clouded over. “I… I wasn’t going to use the bathroom…”

“Then where, pray tell, were you rushing off too?” Freya asked, taking a slow sip of mead. The goddess of fertility knew she would regret that single sip later, but it was worth it to look so cool and intimidating.

“I… Um…” Frigg turned pale.

“Sit,” Thor commanded.

“You’re too big to run to the bathroom,” Freya said while her toes tapped the air irritably. “How old are you?”

Frigg looked close to tears. She had her legs crossed and her hands twitched at her sides, wanting nothing more than to give her godly pussy a nice, long, slow, firm clutch.

“You can hold it, Frigg. You are a powerful goddess after all,” Thor reminded a reluctant Frigg.

“You’re right,” Frigg exhaled. “I’m the master of my bladder, I’m the master of my bladder…” With that, the goddess of motherhood miserably slunk back down in her seat, rocking around the bench in a desperate attempt to keep her sphincter shut.

“You don’t look too good, Frigg,” said a cold voice. Thor, Freya, and Frigg had yet to realize who was sitting across from them. The god’s head had been turning, talking to others in the hall. It wasn’t yet that the group realized sitting directly across from them was none other than Loki the god of mischief himself! “Are you all good?” Loki asked in a taunting tone.

“Buzz off, Loki,” Thor snapped. “I think I speak for all of us when I say, we are in no mood for you or your tricks.”

Loki furrowed his brow. “Thor, still salty over the whole Sif incident. She told me to cut off her hair.”

Thor slammed his fist on the table, causing a crater to form in the wood. “My wife’s hair was her best attribute! No one wanted her to lose it less than she! I am warning you, you are on thin ice trouble maker!”

“Thin ice? Oh no,” Loki said sarcastically, drawing circles on the ring of his goblet with his finger. “Good thing we don’t live in a frozen wasteland where ice is worthless.”

Thor’s jaw looked like it was being stretched by hawks.

Loki turned his attention from Thor to Frigg. “Have to pee?” Loki asked. Loki said this in a casual tone as though he was asking Frigg’s help on a math problem.

“A little,” the queen squirmed.

Loki just nodded and helped himself to a loaf of bread. Breaking the bread in half and dunking one half in goat cheese, Loki said, “Why not just go? Why sit there and have your thunder buddy tell you when you are and aren’t allowed to go?”

Frigg turned even redder than Thor. “Um, Freya and I don’t want to pee until the feast is over,” Frigg said truthfully. “We are kind of ashamed of having to go this bad. We don’t want our bladders to boss us around, you know…”

“I get that,” Loki chomped on his loaf. Mouth full of bread, the trickery god said, “It can be annoying having to pee so bad. You feel pressure on your pelvis and all you can think of is water sloshing around inside.” Both goddesses shuttered at his description. Loki turned to Freya. “You have to go too, Freya?”

Freya fired Frigg an irritated look, angry at her for telling Loki she also had to pee. “Just slightly,” Freya folded herself in half. “But my bladder is strong. I can easily hold for a few more days if I need to.”

Loki nodded. “I imagine so.” Finishing his bread, the god rose and said, “Well, seeing as you ladies can’t use the powder room, I mind as well keep the seat warm for you. Just hope my aim isn’t off.” Loki flashed them a mischievous wink and then made his way to the bathroom.

“Don’t listen to him,” Thor told Frigg and Freya. “Just don’t think about it and you’ll be okay.”

Frigg and Freya tried to do just that. But the more they attempted to distract themselves with the driest of thoughts, their subconscious always seemed to tilt back towards their bladders’ needs. The two full-bladdered goddesses managed to eat some of the meal, but Frigg in particular found it tough to get anything down. She felt like she was going to be sick.

The meal drew on without too much excitement. But that quickly changed when Thor spotted Loki whispering into Odin’s ear. “What’s that scoundrel up to now?” Thor bellowed.

Odin stared at Loki with his one good eye. Odin looked angry but also intrigued by whatever Loki was telling him. Odin then waved Loki off and he grabbed his goblet. Odin clinked fork to glass, grabbing the entire hall’s attention.

Loki retook his seat across from Thor, Freya, and Frigg.

“What did you do?” Thor scowled as soon as Loki was seated.

“Attention, attention, everyone,” Odin called while the talking ever so slowly declined. “It appears that we have a challenge here.” Odin fixed his eyes directly on Thor. Thor flinched in confusion. The rest of the gods and goddesses now gave Odin their full attention. As Viking gods, there was nothing this group loved more than a good old-fashioned challenge! “Frigg and Freya, please come up here,” Odin called.

The two goddesses froze in ice. It wasn’t Thor that Odin was looking at. He was looking at the two bursting Norse goddesses who Thor was sitting in between! Freya and Frigg glared at Loki. Thor looked ready to pound Loki into the nearest snow bank.

As much as they hated this, Freya and Frigg both knew that they couldn’t turn down a Valhallan challenge! They would be the laughingstocks of the gods. There was nothing more humiliating for a Norse god than to refuse to partake in a fun (and often brutal) challenge.

Even though they could barely stand, Frigg and Freya made their way down the rows of tables and up to the head table where Odin sat facing everyone. Normally Frigg sits with him and the three Norns, but Frigg already told her husband she would be sitting with Thor this evening.

Odin folded his arms across his chest. His body language suggested he was miffed, but he wore a jolly smile on his face. “Loki tells me that you two have challenged me to a mead drinking contest.”

The two goddesses nearly exploded on the spot. Frigg was hunched over, holding onto her knees, and Freya kept her legs double-twisted. Their bladders were full to the brim as was. No way in the nine worlds could they possibly handle alcohol right now! But they could feel all of the gods watching them intensely, eager to hear their rebuttal. Once again, Loki was bent on making everyone miserable. Freya and Frigg couldn’t refuse or they would seem like cowards. There was only one way to make it out of this situation with their dignity intact.

“Yes, Odin,” Freya gulped. “We… Mead drinking contest, yes…”

“Yeah,” Frigg uncomfortably rested a hand on her severely bloated stomach. Frigg felt fear rattle through her mind. As a goddess with three children, Frigg’s bladder isn’t what it used to be. And Frigg can safely say, she had to pee worse now than she ever did while pregnant! But Frigg is still a goddess. Even with her bladder in its current state, Frigg can contain twelve times more than the strongest bladdered mortal! The same goes for Freya who has had twin girls.

“Very well,” Odin rested his hands under his armpits. “It’s a bet. The Norns shall be the judges and this crowd shall be the witnesses. Whoever drinks more mead has to clean all of the toilets in Asgard for a decade. Deal?”

The two women trembled. That was a lot of toilets and a long time. Neither one felt too good about their present situation. But they were Norse goddesses! They could hold their waters a little longer while chugging mead. They couldn’t refuse anyway or seem like chickens. While neither Frigg nor Freya felt super confident, they knew they couldn’t turn this down.

They both looked at Thor for support. Thor - being the only one to know Frigg and Freya’s dire situation besides Loki - looked back and forth, not knowing what to do or how to help.

The two goddesses returned their attention to Odin and together they said, “Deal.”

Odin grinned, his twin crows flapping around him. “Very well. May the best drinker win.”

Three humongous kegs of mead were set out. Each god, Odin, Freya, and Frigg stood before each keg. Frigg had her legs moving up and down behind her again. Freya, meanwhile, crossed her legs and kept her hands buried in between them. Thankfully, the kegs were so huge, no one could see what the gods were doing behind them. Each keg had a very long and wide straw sticking out of them. The kegs were so massive, that only Thor could lift them. Thor looked skeptical to bring the kegs in, but when Odin threatened him, Thor did as told. Now, Frigg and Freya felt weeks upon weeks of old urine sting their bladder walls, and they stared at the fifty-liter kegs, one in front of each of them, they were expected to drink quickly.

The three Norns took their places on stools. Each Norn would keep track of how much each god drank. Urd was watching Freya, Skuld was keeping her eyes on Frigg, and Verdandi was observing Odin.

The crowd of eager gods and goddesses pounded their fists in the air, chanting for the contest to start. Giving into the demands of the gathered deities, Urd shouted, “Let the mead drinking contest commence!”

Odin wasted no time in slurping down his barrel. Odin’s lips were pulled as far apart as they would go. His gaping mouth rested on the massive metal straw. Mead sped through Odin’s drink, rushing from straw into his immortal form.

Freya swallowed down her bladder’s anxiety and placed her lips to the keg as well. Frigg hesitated for a moment. But when she noticed Odin was already a quarter of the way down, she knew she had to drink something! So, Frigg began sipping.

Freya was the first to understand the true measure of Loki’s evil plot. Freya instantly felt a pile of rocks smash her sphincter. The pain was so unbearable, Freya withdrew her head from the keg and let out a scream. Mead spilled from the opening of the straw and splattered Freya’s new dress. The goddess collapsed, grabbing hold of her keg for support. Freya’s legs were tied together, a hand fastened to her crotch, causing her dress to wrinkle. Freya’s eyes were so filled with tears, she felt like she was looking underwater. 

The pressure on her bladder went from uncomfortable to burning-inferno-of-agony-and-unimaginable-pressure. Freya had never had to pee so badly in her entire life. She could already feel droplets trying to escape. But she kept her muscles in place. The goddess of fertility wiggled around, she was a war goddess! She couldn’t stand up here and squirm like some mortal! But the pressure was so powerful, Freya felt like it was eating her from the inside out. What was in this mead!

Whatever it was, it appeared to only have an effect on Freya. Odin was nearing the halfway point and he looked totally fine. Freya fixed her eyes on Loki, but he was gone. Freya blinked away tears. She knew for a fact Loki added something to her drink to make her become this desperate so quickly.

All eyes were on Freya, concerned about her. Even Odin looked sidelong at the goddess of war, nervous as to her nearly falling.

Freya could barely speak. Her pelvis was on fire. Pressure charged her sphincter, making holding more difficult than teaching mortals rune magic. (As much as Freya loved mortals, they were challenging at times). But not nearly as challenging as holding back her already full bladder now mixed with super mead.

That’s when Frigg felt the effects. Frigg drank a lot less mead than Freya, so it wasn’t nearly as intense for her. Nevertheless, pressure turned Frigg’s bladder into a sailing ship in the middle of a storm. Frigg knew she was about to crash that ship (her sphincter) and piss all over the place. If Frigg didn’t have to pee before, now she could hardly think.

Frigg tumbled to the ground as well, hands in her genitals. Frigg smashed her head on the floorboards, her bum in the air. The goddess wiggled around, not caring who saw. She couldn’t bear this any longer!

Just when things couldn’t get any worse, there came a soft dripping sound from above Frigg and Freya’s heads. Drip… Drip… Drip… It was like a leaky faucet coming from inside the ceiling.

“What’s that?” Verdandi asked.

“Think it’s a leaky pipe or something,” Skuld suggested.

Through her tears, Freya forced herself to look up and she couldn’t believe what she saw. Far above her head, there was a woodpecker drilling its beak into a ceiling pipe. Little leaks dripped from the pipe and landed in a perfectly placed glass of water. But the thing that got Freya the most, was that the woodpecker in question had a crooked beak and a mane of well-kept blond hair. Blond hair… Crooked beak… Loki’s two main features were his crooked nose and his well-kept blond hair. Loki was the woodpecker and he was the one drilling into the pipe causing a leak.

Drip… Drip… Drip… poured the water into the half-filled glass.

Freya felt ready to pop. The pressure inside her belly hurt too much to even stand. The goddess of war just kept her toes crossed and her hands in her dress. Frigg, meanwhile, lay on the floor, moaning and crying.

Attention in the hall was removed from the drinking contest and placed onto Frigg and Freya’s suffering. Even Odin didn’t care more about this contest than his wife.

“Frigg, Freya, are you two okay?” Odin extended a hand to help his wife up. But Frigg knew she couldn’t move. If she did, she would burst wide open.

Freya’s teeth sawed at her lower lip. The goddess stood on one foot with the other wrapped around her leg. She leaned her entire weight against her keg of mead which she barely touched. Freya’s body involuntarily swayed back and forth. Her bladder screamed as it became inflamed with Loki’s dirty trick. Freya squeezed her necklace, Brísingamen, tightly, trying to do what little she could to diverge the torment away from her ferocious piss balloon.

Freya’s mind had abandoned her. She could barely concentrate. Freya wished to remind herself that she was an all-powerful war goddess and that she could win this battle with her bladder. But she knew it was untrue. Freya knew she would be kicking herself for this betrayal of her strength later, but she no longer cared about appearing strong. She needed to drain this horrible sensation right away!

“I… Need… Bathroom…” Freya made to leave, but she could hardly walk. She just fell back onto her keg again. Pulling herself up, Freya tried again. She managed to make it two measly steps when a cold voice said,

“Is that okay with you, Thor?” Loki was back in human form, sitting on top of a table, eyeing the god of the sky. “Only you can give them permission after all? Is it okay with you if Freya and Frigg use the restroom?”

Thor became baffled. The obvious answer was yes, they dearly needed it! But the two goddesses made Thor promise not to let them go. Thor looked between the two crumpling goddesses and Loki. “I…” Thor managed. “Well, I… Uh…”

This few second delay was all Loki needed for his sinister plot to come full circle.

Freya’s sphincter muscle had it. After restricting its flow for weeks on end now, and worse, adding extra labor to its struggle, Freya was the first to cave in. An all-powerful rush filled the hall as Freya’s sphincter contracted and her pee hole opened wider than a patient’s mouth at the dentist's. Freya’s brand-new golden dress was flooded with urine. The dress the dwarfs made Freya of pure gold grew a wet spot on the front. The wet patch expanded outwards and branched in all different directions. Warmth flooded Freya’s legs. She could feel waterfalls blast down her skin. The relief was exquisite! Freya didn’t care that she was pissing herself before all of the gods. She had never felt anything half as luxurious as releasing the pressure that caused her bladder to undergo so much hardship for so long.

Freya just rested a hand to her belly and breathed through her nose. She could feel a massive puddle forming below her. The puddle ran down the steps leading to the center table. The gods and goddesses all quickly placed their feet on their benches to avoid getting soaked in Freya’s flash flood.

Freya’s mind was as numb as if it had frostbite. The goddess of love didn’t care about a thing other than draining the intense pressure brought on by the heavy mead Loki tricked her into drinking. Freya’s urine stunk of alcohol, confirmed by the many scrunched-up noses of the audience. But Freya was just so happy to finally get this affliction over with, she cared not what happened after this.

“Oh, my, Freya!” Loki cried. “Are you wetting yourself?”

“Sure am, Loki! Sure am!” Freya shouted proudly. If living among the Aesir gods has taught Freya anything, sometimes confidence is the only thing needed to escape a dastardly experience.

Frigg whimpered, closing off her muscles as best she could. The added pressure to her system made Frigg’s whole body tighten. The powerful hissing coming from Freya’s crotch was enough to cause a single squirt to fly out of Frigg’s. The back of Frigg’s dress became damp. The blast was so powerful, it shot right through the fabric of her clothing and soaked the floor behind her.

Seeing this, Odin took a step back, bewildered. “Frigg… Dear…” He began.

“Stand back, hon,” Frigg whimpered, fighting as long as she could. “I’m gonna blow!!!”

And she did.

Frigg’s dress switched from white to gray in a matter of seconds. Urine blasted from behind Frigg, power soaking the wall behind her. Frigg continued lying on her face with her butt raised in the air as she wet herself entirely. Whatever wasn’t sopped up by the fabric of her clothes, came out through the dripping wet garment. Small urine streams dribbled from under her.

Unlike Freya - who was loving every moment of this - Frigg was screaming in pain. For the goddess of marriage, this was pure torture. Frigg’s stream was four times as powerful as Freya’s. Whereas Freya was able to control her flow (more or less) Frigg’s pent-up bladder blasted urine out of her pee tube at speed so fast, it burned badly. Frigg’s lower body was in pain as urine shot from her and drenched the entire front half of the hall.

“And now Frigg is peeing herself!” Loki slapped a hand to his chest. “My word, ladies! Do you have no control!”

Silence covered the great hall of Odin. The only noise heard was that of two all-powerful sprays of urine. Frigg sobbed the entire time. For the first part of the relief, Freya just had a pleasant smile on her face, not embarrassed whatsoever. But when the pressure decreased enough for the goddess of love to think straight again, the first thing Freya did was blush and stare down at the tsunami that was coming out of her. Freya could not believe that she, Freya, goddess of war itself, was wetting herself! She should have been able to hold it! Freya - just as she predicted - was furious with herself, but even more so at her bladder, and even more angry at Loki.

The tides continued to rise in the great hall. Two massive bladdered goddesses pissed their hearts away. Odin himself was now ankle-deep in urine. The Norns climbed onto a nearby table to avoid the flood.

When it was all over - two and a half hours later - the urine level in the great hall was so high, that all the gods had to kneel on top of the tables. Odin was brave enough to stand in the stuff, now knee-deep in his wife and Freya’s bladder-bursting bulk.

Both Freya and Frigg were soaked in their own pee. Frigg continued to stand on her hands and knees with urine up to her chest, making her white dress see-through and thus exposing her breasts to the gods. Freya, on the other hand, was standing knee deep - like Odin - in bubbling hot bladder broth.

The silence lasted even longer.

It was Idun (goddess of youth) that was the first to speak. Staying on her hands and knees, holding onto the side of the table, Idun peered down into the yellow swirling ocean covering every square inch of the main hall. “Whoa,” Idun said. “That’s a lot of pee.”

Frigg was still in tears, the salty droplets from her eyes splashed into the lake of pee, making the yellow surface ripple.

“Oh, honey, it’s okay,” Odin said softly, helping her to her feet despite both of them dripping in pee. “It’s okay… It… It happens… WHO’S RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS!” Odin bellowed, his soft husband nature switching to that of a vengeful all-father in a matter of milliseconds. Then, Odin turned his attention to someone unexpected. “THOR!!!” Thor jumped so high, he was able to grab onto a ceiling light. “LOKI SAID YOU WERE TELLING MY WIFE AND FREYA WHEN THEY COULD USE THE FACILITIES!!!” Odin trumpeted. “EXPLAIN YOURSELF, THUNDER GOD!!!”

Still swinging from the light, Thor stammered, “I, uh, I, um, they, I, ah…”

“Don’t blame Thor,” Freya cut in. “Frigg and I got overconfident in our holding abilities. We felt embarrassed being two powerful goddesses that had to rush to the bathroom.”

“Well, there is nothing embarrassing about holding this much pee!” Ullr (the god of snow sports) said, standing on a vertical ski pole so he could avoid touching the urine as much as possible.

“Freya’s right,” Frigg told her husband, wiping tears from her eyes with her urine-coated fingertips. “We asked Thor not to let us pee. It was our doing. Don’t be mad at Thor.”

“Yeah, be mad at Loki!” Freya snouted, rounding on the trickster god. “Loki is the one that tricked you into challenging us to a mead drinking contest when he knew we were this desperate to pee. And he drilled at the pipes to make us have to go worse. And he switched Frigg and my mead for heavy stuff making us fill even faster.”

“LOOOOOOKKI!!!” Odin ragged.

“Time to fly!” Loki saluted the gods and then shapeshifted into a small horsefly. Loki took to the air and almost got away, but he was captured in between the fingers of Thor - who was still hanging from the ceiling light.

Thor jumped down to the table below him. Odin wadded through the swamp of pee, finally reaching the table Thor stood on. Odin’s face twisted with rage.

Loki giggled slyly. “Let’s all take a breath,” horse fly Loki suggested. “This whole experience was kinda funny. And you know, I think we all learned something. Like, don’t hold your pee. Or don’t believe everything you hear. Or, I don’t know, if a trickster god plays a prank, you should forgive him. Ooh, I like that last one!”

Odin’s eyes narrowed at the tiny fly in between Thor’s fingers.

“Loki, I expect this hall to be spotless,” Odin warned.

After draining all of the urine, Loki was now on his hands and knees, sponge in hand, bucket brimming with soapy water to his side, and to the trickery god’s discomfort, a bladder ready to burst held back only by crossed legs.

“How’s the bladder feeling, Loki?” Frigg teased.

“Gotta go, do you?” Freya called.

Loki grumbled some curses as he shimmied his weight across the still-damp floor, swabbing up any puddles of urine he came across. Taking a brief break to squeeze his cock, Loki couldn’t believe this terrible turn of events. Cleaning floors covered in urine while desperate to pee himself was Pain. Ful! He didn’t deserve this comeuppance!

“And after that,” Thor added. “You can clean every toilet in Asgard. That is your punishment for the next ten years.”

“Do a good job today, and we’ll let you pee,” Frigg said.

“Fail and you can hold all throughout the night,” Freya warned.

As Loki moaned about his wretched luck, Freya and Frigg high-fived.

*040*2023-04-13 16:19

{{12 hours ago, LilyTheGayOne said:

I know artemis appeared in the first story already, but it would be really cool to see them again.

}}

I could certainly do Artemis again at some point! She is, after all, one of my personal favorite Greek goddesses! That being said, I have written several more stories about gods from all different pantheons, so I haven't a clue when I would get around to doing another Artemis story. I'm not too focused on doing the gods I've already done a second time. But truth be told, I probably will at some point.

