Godly Desperation - Page 2

Author: UrineLover1

*047*2023-05-18 18:09

This next story is another male omo story. It centers around the hero of Hawaiian mythology. The one, the only, Maui!

Maui used his powerful fish hook to slice through the reeds, finding himself on the white beach. His bare toes sank down into the sandy earth. The sand felt as warm as the inside of his bladder walls. Maui was unconsciously sliding each leg in turn up the opposite leg. Maui allowed each leg to climb the other, brushing against his very full penis. The trickster shoved his hand down his loincloth and gave himself a strong grab of his junk to help him control the urge better.

“Hey, lazy daisy!” called Maui’s brother, Maui-roto. “You coming or what?”

Maui’s mouth hung half open. “Yeah,” the hero muttered.

The cawing of sea birds hung above him. The lapping of the ocean waves against the shore sent daggers into Maui’s already overflowing urinary bladder. The white sea foam sloshing across the surf reminded Maui of his growing need.

Maui would normally announce right then and there that he was going for a piss. But it was hard enough to convince his brothers to allow him to go fishing with them. Maui didn’t want to blow his chances now that he was so very close. His brothers already found him to be nothing more than a lazy, arrogant and reckless person. The last thing Maui needed was to reveal what he had brewing in his pelvis.

Maui sucked in his breath, wrestled with his shaking member one final time, and charged down the beach. His brothers were waiting by a long canoe, each one holding a fish hook in hand.

“Hey, all set to go,” Maui said, forcing himself to stand as straight as a full-bladdered trickster could.

The brothers’ conversion halted as they looked upon their least favorite of brothers. Maui feared his brothers were suddenly having second thoughts about allowing Maui to come along. After months of relentless begging did they finally say yes, if nothing more than to shut him up? Now, did they freit taking him once more.

Maui knew he would once again have to rely on his cunning to reassure his brothers into taking him along for the ride.

Before he could, however, Brother Maui-taha said something unexpected. “Wow, Maui, are you okay? Your stomach looks all… Puffy.”

Maui didn’t understand at first. But upon looking down at his belly, Maui did realize that bloated wasn’t even beginning to describe the bulge that stood from his abdomen. It looked like Maui was pregnant with a calabash. His stomach was just as big, round, and hairless as the fruit.

Maui felt his face fill with burning sand of embarrassment. “I’m fine,” he lied. “Just have to take a leak.” As badly as Maui dreaded informing his brothers of this, he knew there was no way he could escape the truth right now. Unless his brothers were stupid enough to believe him to be pregnant - and they were some of the smartest men on the island of Maui - Maui doubted he could fool them with anything but honesty.

“Do you want to go?” Maui-pae said a little too quickly.

Maui knit his eyes at his older brother. Oh, sure, have the guy go pee and then sail off while he was gone. Maui invented that old trick! Maui was not leaving this spot unless he was on a canoe and that was final!

“I’m fine,” Maui’s voice came out extra shrill. “I’m the son of the moon goddess, Hina. I can hold it.”

“We’re all children of Hina,” Maui-waho pointed out.

“And none of you were born with any godly abilities,” Maui said, harsher than he intended. But it was also true, out of Hina and the mortal Akalana's six children, Maui was the only one with divine powers - powers he inherited from his mother. “Trust me, I can hold my piss. I’m covered in muscles for Kāne’s,” (the chief Hawaiian god). “Sake. Naturally, my bladder is extra strong as well.”

The four other brothers had looks that ranged from disappointment to concert to just plain old irritation at Maui’s existence. Maui didn’t know what he ever did to them! Sure, he had a tendency to be lazy from time to time, but he also did a lot of good for humanity. How could his brothers deny that?

Finally settling for Maui’s promises of abate, the brothers returned to the raft. As the four brothers pushed the canoe down the sandy slope, Maui-waho said, “I hope Ku will provide us with fresh fish today.” The god of war guided the migrations of fish and aided sailors in their fishing game. If Ku was in a good mood, he may allow the brothers to catch some fish.

“He better,” Maui-pae said, swinging his legs in the boat. “If not, mother and sister will go hungry.”

“Come on, Maui, move it!” Maui-roto exclaimed, splashing through the water up onto the canoe.

Maui stood on the shore, watching as his brothers navigated the boat out to sea. Maui’s eyes reflected splashes of water. Maui’s bladder tensed upon watching water hiss and splash all around the canoe. Maui’s gaze remained fixed on the vast open sea. The ocean was so ginormous, just the thought of all that H2O made Maui’s intestines become bogged down with damp watery frustration.

Maui shuffled both hands down his loincloth. His penis thrashed around like an angry snake. The trickster still refused to give into his bodily needs. He was ashamed of himself for acting so weak. And in front of his brothers, no less. Maui was in fact a demigod. And unlike his siblings, mother Hina gave him a vast amount of abilities and powers. Like shapeshifting for one. Maui was a whiz at playing hide-and-seek with his brothers due to his ability to transform into insects. Maui wished he could turn into some animal with a larger bladder captivity. Maybe then he would have a better chance of holding. But he didn’t want to capsize the boat… Or let his brothers know how bad his need was. Still, Maui was certain the minute he stepped a toenail into the cool Hawaiian waves, he would burst like an old papaya falling from the top of the tree.

The canoe was beginning to sail away, and Maui was running out of time to get on board.

“I told you guys,” Maui-roto snarled. “Maui is as lazy as ever. He would do anything to get out of doing work.”

Maui’s eyes switched from water to flames. Anger at such a comment filled Maui’s chest. At that moment, the hero’s bladder bulge was forgotten. All Maui knew was the need to prove his brothers wrong was far superior to the needs of his bladder. Maui raced down the sands, flying over the waves in large sprints, and Maui jumped into the air, smashing his weight down into the canoe.

The canoe rattled and rocked side to side like an untrained hula dancer. Towering waves shot up on all perimeters of the boat. Maui was large to begin with, but that added bladder strength made jumping into the canoe as dangerous as swallowing a fire rock before cliff diving into a volcano.

“Maui, take it easy,” Maui-taha’s voice was broken apart by his body’s constant shaking. The other brothers managed to hold tight to the railings as the shaking slowly came to a stop and the waves fell back into the sea.

“This isn’t a game, Maui,” Maui-roto snapped. “What are you trying to do, get up swallowed by the surf?”

“Watch it, Maui, okay,” Maui-pae warned. “Be careful from now on unless you want the fish to be scared away,”

“Okay, okay, sorry,” Maui grunted, growing exhausted from his brother’s constant nagging. “Let’s just sail out to sea. And sail far away from land too.”

“Why?” demanded Maui-taha.

“Just do it,” snapped Maui. Maui had a little secret up his sleeve that he didn’t want to share with his siblings. Not yet, he would wait until they were in the optimal location. And that location was still a long distance away. “Trust me,” Maui assured them. “I know the perfect fishing spot.”

“How can you possibly know a good fishing spot?” Maui-waho wondered. “You’ve never even been fishing before? You usually sleep until noon and we are long gone by then.”

Maui gritted his teeth. Maui told himself that the next brother that commented on his laziness would get a nice, wet golden shower. Taking a seat on the canoe with crossed legs, Maui replied, “I’ve heard things. Just trust me, you guys.”

They didn’t. Against the brother’s better judgment, they agreed to Maui’s proposal and allowed Maui to direct them to this ‘perfect fishing spot.’

The bad news was that it was far away. While the brothers didn’t mind rowing to such a specific location, Maui’s bladder was feeling heavier each minute they remained at sea. Maui imagined the entire Pacific Ocean sloshing between his bladder walls, being held back by his sphincter. Maui came closer and closer to forming a ditch of gold liquid right here in the canoe. He imagined his penis spraying all over the wooden boat, drenching his brothers and all their equipment. Maui knew his brothers would kill him. How he desired to take a leak over the edge of the boat, but they would probably kill him for that too. If nothing else, they would be disguised and chastise him about scaring the fish away.

As the boat sailed on and the waves continued to splash, Maui’s mind was stuck on his relentless need to drain the fishpond inside his body.

Furthermore, Maui was struggling even more to keep still and disguise his need. He tried placing his fish hook between his legs and rocking around on it, but since he had a penis, that did little to help ease the discomfort. Maui racked his brain of ways to distract himself, but seeing as he was at sea, that was even more difficult.

When a particularly nasty wave of urinary urgency rocked Maui’s weakening sphincter, Maui had no choice but to openly snap at his member. Giving a tight squeeze to his shaft, Maui massaged his poor trembling demigodhood. This was ridiculous! Maui was a demigod of the moon! He should be able to control the flood. But Maui was finding that to be more and more difficult as time wore on and the brothers grew more distant from the land and by extension, more distance from a chamber pot.

Maui’s brothers spotted him holding himself. Maui-taha was the first to notice, followed by Maui-roto who eagerly tapped Maui-waho to get his attention and show off their younger brother’s bladder torment. Maui-pae soon saw and all the brothers eyed Maui with amusement.

“You okay, Maui?” asked Maui-taha - the only brother who looked the tiniest bit concerned.

“Yeah… Fine… Why…” Maui’s teeth remained wedged together while his hands fought against his junk.

“What are you doing, bro?” Maui-waho’s voice teased.

Panicked, Maui said the first thing that came to mind. “Masturbating.”

The brothers laughed.

“Masturbating?” Maui-pae asked. “Seriously?”

“Yeah,” Maui said, growing more confident. “That’s how hard core I am! I’m playing with myself and I don’t give two alea bird droppings who sees!” Even as he said this, Maui’s desperate mind forced him to rise from his seat and fall back down repetitively.

“Why are you moving so much then?” Maui-waho challenged.

“Hey, I don’t make fun of the way you masturbate,” Maui pointed out. “Let me do my thing please, thank you…” Maui moved his hand in a motion akin to masturbation. In reality, however, he was squeezing his aching penile parts with all the remaining energy he had.

“Maui, you sure this doesn't make you uncomfortable?” Maui-roto splashed his oar up and down in the waves, forcing waves the size of ant hills to be removed from the sea for a split second, long enough to torture Maui, before splashing back down.

Maui wanted to rip off his eyes and ears so he wouldn’t have to see nor hear such a terrible sight/noise. The water show caused the trickster to roll his butt around on his seat, trying - and failing to get comfortable. The pressure Maui felt inside was like an internal switch that forced him to move. Maui was unable to sit still, if he did, he would pee, as simple as that.

“Look at this massive salty ocean. So much wet, wonderful, water,” Maui-pae added on. “Just think of what it would be like to be a squid or a whale. Able to sink below the waves, constantly living in a vast open watery sea, able to piss whenever they like. Just imagine the yellow clouds that come from urinating underwater.”

“Don’t I love to splash and flop around the sea,” Maui-waho continued. “I just love to do cannonballs into the sea. I especially love cliff diving off the edge of a waterfall. Falling parallel to the age-old running water of the falls, having the water displaced as you hit the sea, it is truly the best feeling ever.”

“That’s enough, guys,” said Maui-taha, the oldest and thus the most responsible.

Maui refused to let his brothers get to him. But all of those descriptions of water… Maui’s thoughts were filled with splashing cannonballs and yellow clouds of pee under the sea and running waterfalls. Maui was unable to get these dreaded images out of his tired mind. The pressure continued to climb and Maui’s bladder was burning hot.

Maui was a demigod! He could handle this. But as this torment went on, Maui’s confidence sank to the depths of the sea. His bladder was bubbling and frothing more than the ocean itself. Maui’s penis was brandishing back and forth like a fish on a line. Maui continued to grope his manhood, urging his urine to stay inside just for a little while longer.

“Maui, just don’t think of all the fish swimming below the depths,” Maui-roto said quietly with a grin.

“I said that’s enough,” Maui-taha snapped, silencing his brothers’ snickering.

The raft continued to float farther and farther away from land, nearer to Maui’s selected fishing spot. No one said another word until they arrived. But Maui’s bladder continued to rant and bellow its fury at Maui the entire way. And each time the hero felt salty sea water splash onto his skin, he felt himself nearing his limit. At one point, a splash of cold water hit his distended stomach, which normally may have been refreshing, only aided Maui’s discomfort and made him wince in pain. The cold water sent agony all throughout his lower body and Maui could feel his sphincter wither away like his freshly deceased ancestors.

“Okay, this is good,” Maui breathed, relieved that the first stretch of the journey was done. If only Maui was in proper health to fulfill the rest of his plan.

“This spot better be good if you made us come out all this way, lazy daisy,” Maui-roto warned, throwing his line into the sea.

“Oh, it will be,” Maui squeezed his penis and then tossed his own fish hook below the depths. Maui’s eyes watered as he watched his hook sink with a plunk.

Maui’s eyelids slammed closed as the trickster rocked around in pure agony. He had to focus and concentrate on his fishing line. But how could he concentrate on anything other than his ever-expanding bladder walls? Maui wanted to scream to the heavens he found himself in so much unbearable pain. Against all odds, Maui managed to regain control and push his thoughts of urine aside. Maui visualized his fish hook sinking lower and lower into the darkest parts of the sea. The idea of which only added to Maui’s urgency, yet he contented to imagine his hook vanishing into the folds of oceanic darkness.

Maui soon felt his hook snag on something solid and the line tugged. This was it, this was Maui’s moment. “Guys, I think I got something!” Maui cried, beginning to reel in his catch.

After failing to catch anything in the first round, Maui-pae threw out his line a second time. “Yeah, right,” he scoffed.

“No, really,” Maui insisted. As if on cue, Maui’s fishing line dragged down even lower into the tide. Maui kept a firm grip on his pole, all while trying not to lose a grip on his sphincter muscles. “Look!” Maui cried.

One by one, the brothers reluctantly turned to the youngest. Just as Maui stated, his fishing line was weighed down heavily with his mighty catch. The entire canoe began to shake on the waves, getting pulled down along with Maui’s hook.

“My gods, Maui!” shouted Maui-taha. “What did you catch? A piece of land?”

Hiding his smile in his shoulder blade, Maui cried, “Just help me pull!” Maui found himself nearly getting thrown overboard. The splashes of water on his face, the constant movement of his body and the ship, Maui felt each bump, each splash jolted the core of Maui’s bladder which was starting to feel more and more like Nāmaka’s most violent sea storm each passing second.

Maui’s brothers all chipped in. Abandoning their own poles, all five brothers held onto Maui’s and they all tugged as a single unit. The fishing line was pulled from the water, but instantly went back under. The ocean began to churn and the sea bubbled. A wave larger than any they had ever seen rose from the ocean floor. The tidal wave grew to the size of a mountain. Maui and his brothers found their canoe trapped on the summit of the massive wave.

“I’ll keep pulling! You guys row the boat forward,” Maui ordered. “Oh, and don’t look back! You don’t want to scare the fish.” Maui had the hunch his brothers found that last command to be off-putting. And why wouldn’t they? Telling someone not to look behind them is a rather strange instruction, in retrospect. Given the situation, they were currently in, however, no one had time to argue with such an odd suggestion.

The four elder brothers all assumed their roles at the oars. As soon as they released their hold on Maui, the trickster was almost thrown from the raft. Somehow, he managed to bare his footing and remained lodged on the railing of the canoe. All four brothers paddled with all their strength, pulling the canoe forward. Maui remained on the stern where he stood on two legs, placing one foot on the edge of the boat, and constantly yanking his line along with them.

Standing up was even worse than sitting for Maui’s bodily needs. Maui found the pressure of his bladder sank down in his abdomen, pressing on his sphincter. The pressure felt as if two squids were tugging Maui’s bladder in two opposite directions. Maui gritted his teeth and tried to ignore it. But with a climbing tidal wave right in front of his eyes, Maui’s refusal to recognize his urgent need was quickly diminished.

The sight of such a massive wave deeply damaged Maui’s continence. Maui’s bladder stung with the fury of all the jellyfish in the sea. Curse the Hawaiian’s mostly juice diet! If only Maui had gotten a chance to pee sooner! Sadly, just as his brothers teased him of, he woke up late. Come to think of it, Maui hasn’t pissed in well over a day. He was too busy goofing around yesterday to do so. As the son of a goddess - the only one among his siblings to gain any divine powers - Maui had inhuman levels of control and colossal captivity. Not as much as a god, but similar to one. But after twenty-four hours with no chamber pot and a diet of many different juices, Maui was absolutely bursting open. Maui desired to clutch himself, but he refused to take a single hand off his pole. Rather, Maui held his flood at bay with nothing but his sheer muscles.

Maui continued to remind himself that he was in fact a demigod. He was the same demigod who pulled up the sky, lassoed the sun, harnessed the winds, surely he could handle a little bit of urine in his bladder. The entire island of Maui was named after him for the gods’ sake!

Still, the feeling of salt water soaked his face, and such a refreshing wet aura forced the demigod’s bladder to twist itself into a tight knot. Maui felt a hot iron inside his pelvis and he was just dying to let it go.

The canoe rode on the wave, sailing like a surfboard, gliding on the sea foam. The brothers continued to paddle all while being chased by a tsunami. Maui pressed his legs together, feeling his twitching penis between them. Maui let out a quiet moan as he continued to tug on his pole.

“This is ridiculous,” called Maui-roto. “What on earth are we…” Maui-roto turned around and his voice became dead in the water. The rest of the brothers - wondering what rendered their brother speechless - followed in his lead and also looked behind them.

The waves finally began to subside and crash back into the still-churning sea. Standing before the brothers, just casually resting in the ocean, was a massive collection of land. It was an entire island! Maui’s hook was still wedged on the coast of the large island. Maui tugged on his pole one final time and the hook shot from the crevice it made in the land and was reeled back in by a victorious Maui.

“Is that…” Maui-pae’s voice also died in his throat.

“An island?” gasped Maui-taha. “Maui, you…” Maui-taha swallowed. “Fished up an entire island.”

“How in the gods’ name is this possible?” Maui-waho rubbed the back of his neck.

Maui-roto looked faint. “It’s not just a little island, either… It’s massive! This thing is larger than all of the Hawaiian islands put together!”

“I call it… New Zealand!” Maui established the land.

“New Zealand? Why?” Maui-waho wondered.

“It’s a new land from the sea,” Maui replied. “Zea sounds like sea, new land mass, it’s like a…”

“We get the picture,” Maui-pae promised. “This is highly impressive, Maui. I can’t believe…”

“Oh, we’re not done yet!” Maui called.

The four brother’s faces became a sea of bewilderment.

“We’re not?” Maui-taha asked.

“Nope, we have one more island to fish up,” Maui replied. The shock Maui’s brothers had instantly made up for all the teasing they gave him all these years. It even made Maui temporarily forget about the big ball of urine begging to spray out. Maui directed his brothers to the second site.

“How do you know of these sunken lands, Maui?” Maui-taha asked as the four brothers rowed along.

“Let’s just say, I’ve visited our ancestors in the underworld plenty of times, and they tell me little worldly secrets.” Maui admired his fish hook, the same one he collected from his deceased, unpleasant grandmother’s jawbone.

As the brothers rowed the canoe around the new landmass, Maui was able to relax for a moment, soaking in the astonishment of his siblings. Maui couldn’t wait for the world to hear about this newly accomplished great deed of his. Maui’s list of great deeds was getting longer and longer, and with it, Maui’s reputation was growing as well. All of that was well worth holding last night’s juice a little while longer.

As the canoe sailed on, and the brothers passed a much more open ocean, Maui’s urge quickly escalated again. Maui soon found himself having to squeeze his shaft again. This time, having learned from past mistakes, Maui placed his back on his brothers. He pretended he was only facing such a way so he could scout out the sea, but in actuality, he was holding onto his throbbing cock for dear life, fighting away the urine pressure that was urging him to let go. Maui moaned in silence, rubbing his penis, battling with his own body on the fluid which pressed down harder than ever into his sphincter.

Eventually, Maui once again commanded his brothers to stop. He told them to do what they did last time and row the boat while he fished. The brothers obeyed, gripping their oars tightly. Maui again swung his pole and watched as the nearly invisible string was thrown over the side of the sea vessel and disappeared below the crystal blue sea. It wasn’t long until Maui’s hook snagged another piece of land.

“Got it,” Maui muttered. The demigod began to tug once again. Just like before, a mountainous wave lifted from the sea. The canoe once again was thrown forward, riding the top of the wave. While the four older brothers rowed, Maui stood at the stern, pulling on his fishing line. Maui found this experience ever more gruesome than the last island he fished. Now, Maui’s bladder was even more swollen than before. The entire thing felt rock hard in his stomach and it hurt so badly, Maui felt ready to collapse in a fit of his own tears. Maui hadn’t been this drained since he lifted the sky on his shoulders.

The tidal wave rushed after the canoe and still, Maui yanked on his pole. Maui had already fished up one island, he now had one left to obtain. Maui couldn’t turn back now. Silencing his bladder’s protests was no longer an option, however. Maui’s water-logged pelvis was shouting at him the entire time. Having ocean water constantly chase the bulge only made it that much more angry. The wall of water pursued the boat. The hero and his brothers were lifted above the world on the largest wave ever seen in the Pacific.

Maui’s bladder cramped and his knees stuck together. Maui no longer had the strength to place one foot on the end of the boat. While that gave him extra strength to pull up the island, Maui’s bladder would no longer permit him to separate his legs for even a split millisecond. Pressure filled the trickster’s pelvis. He wanted to scream louder than ever. His muscles ached from all the pulling of land and the pushing back of his full bladder. Two intense forces pulled Maui in different directions and it was a pain to fight off both of them.

After much more pulling, a second island stood right beside the first one. The waves crashed back down into the sea and the two combined senses of sight and sound made Maui nearly lose control and piss right then and there.

The brothers all chanted, lifting from their seats, and clapping Maui on the back. With all four speaking at once, Maui had no clue what any of them were saying. All he knew was many praises and compliments were thrown his way. As much as Maui loved this attention from his - usually cruel - brothers, at the moment, the pressure inside his hero’s body was too great, he could not focus on anything.

The force of an overflowing urinary bladder nearly knocked Maui to his knees. He imagined bubbles rising up in his bladder, just as they do in the ocean. His internal yellow sea was frothing with white sea foam. His bladder walls were glowing red with fire, furious at being ignored for so long. Maui felt the pressure rocket down his shaft and settle in the head of his penis. Maui anxiously rubbed the head, trying to silence the urgency of his badly needed urination. The head of Maui’s penis contained so much pressure, the trickster was highly surprised it didn’t just explode off. Maui imagined his entire genitalia swelling with piss pressure, urine flooding the shaft, banging against the orifice of his body, demanding to be drained right away.

Bladder rocking with waves of urine, all crashing violently into the bladder walls, Maui briefly debated transforming into a bird and flying back to the island of Maui so he could visit the little trickster’s room. Even though flying back to Maui in bird form would be faster than sailing on a canoe, it would still take a while. And Maui would probably be weighed down by his heavy bladder the entire trip. There was no way he would make it, even in bird form. Maui didn’t have time to waste on such futile courses of action. He would have to settle for something far more embarrassing yet safer and much more pleasing.

Maui tugged on his line, tearing his fish hook from the second New Zealand island. Maui angrily slammed his mighty fish hook into the open arms of Maui-waho.

Prancing up and down, bending his knees in and out, Maui threw up his loincloth. “I gotta void!” Maui shouted, no longer caring what his brothers thought. The pressure was far too great, and the hero had been suffering for far too long. Maui finally made his brothers proud of him and earned their approval. Now there was only one thing left to do. Screw the chamber pot! Maui had a wide-open urination spot right in front of him and it's name was the ocean!

When Maui lifted his malo loincloth, his penis dangled free and exposed, hanging above the sea. Maui’s heavily tattooed skin dripped of both seawater and sweat. Between pulling up land from the sea floor and holding back his bladder, Maui’s body was covered head to toe in perspiration.

With a vibrating cock hanging limp above the open ocean, Maui opened his floodgates and allowed the yellow tsunami to begin. There was an instant rush of liquid shooting down the trickster's shaft. Out of said shaft came a monstrous roar of urine which blasted from Maui’s whimpering pee hole and fired down into the sea. Maui’s solid stream of gold rained down into the blue sea. The ocean rippled and the surface was pulled apart. In the epicenter of the sea ripples was a bright yellow stream that touched the water and sent a gurgling noise to the clouds.

Maui’s shoulders untensed. The trickster’s sweaty lips uncurled. Maui’s eyes became softer than bananas. Maui hollered his relief to the heavens. Holding his loincloth high, he allowed his penis to do its thing and fill the ocean with his salty juices.

Maui’s brothers all stood back, both appalled and impressed Maui had such guts to simply evacuate his bladder into the sea like this. Especially in such close quarters. Maui’s member hissed a violent stream. His urethral opening appeared like a crying insect eyeball. Maui happily drained his monster into the ocean depths. Maui’s body flooded with gratification. Maui suddenly felt a tad bit horny from such a wondrous piss!

“Feel better, Maui?” Maui-pae asked with a grin.

“You better believe it, boys!” Maui shouted. “I managed to pull two massive islands from the sea and have an orgasmic piss in one day!”

“Very nice,” Maui-taha found himself with crossed legs. The violent blast from Maui’s cock reminded the eldest of his own needs. “I could kind of go for a pee myself, actually.”

“Now that you mention it,” Maui-roto smirked.

“I could micturate,” Maui-pae added.

“I want to pee in the sea!” Maui-waho cried.

Maui’s four brothers lined the railing, standing alongside the youngest. All brothers lifted their loincloths and unclenched their muscles, allowing their bladders to empty into the urethra tube which sprayed out of the penis. All five going hands-free, the five men peed into the ocean. Five penises sprayed five streams, all of which turned the ocean water a quick shade of green. The ocean filled with urine. Maui wouldn’t have been surprised if his urine alone was enough to turn the sea permanently yellow. Maui has a demigod bladder, after all, his limit is huge!

All five men stood back, enjoying the satisfying feeling of urine washing through their shafts and tumbling down into the wide open sea below them. It wasn’t long until Maui-waho’s penis dribbled its last drops. Soon after, Maui-taha’s penis ran dry and he gave it a gentle shake. Maui-pae’s bladder was the next to fully finish its task. Maui-pae gave his shaft a quick stroke and let his loincloth fall back in place. Maui-roto ended his pee half a minute later and had to give a slight push to drain the last spurt.

Maui’s brothers, all finished with their own urinations, sat back on the raft and waited patiently for their youngest brother to end his unplanned bathroom break. The four brothers spent their time waiting and admiring the massive islands Maui fished from the sea. Both islands were similar in size, covered in mountains and valleys, they were gorgeous. How one man could bring such massive islands up, the brothers had no clue. But Maui did inherit the strength of a god.

Maui couldn’t help but feel overjoyed. Aside from the orgasmic feeling that came with a drop in full bladder pressure, Maui was beyond proud of himself. He brought up two new islands and earned his brother’s respect. So much so that they were willing to pee with him. Maui knew if he lost control and pissed over the edge of the boat a few hours ago, they would have found him a disgrace. But now… Now they viewed him as one of them.

Maui wondered if his mother, Hina the moon goddess was watching him. He hoped she was… Well, he didn’t really like the idea of his mom watching him urinate… But he would love to know that she was watching him complete his trails. Sure, Maui and his mother had never seen eye to eye, but he hoped she too was proud of him.

If nothing else, Hina should be proud of her son’s divine bladder. Nearly five minutes in and Maui was still gushing like a garden hose. Maui may not be a god, but as a demigod, his bladder took a while to properly drain. Especially when it was this full.

As Maui reached minute six, his stream began to waver and after a few final, shorter jets, Maui was done. His urine mixed with the sea and Maui was relaxed. Maui crashed onto his back on the canoe as his brothers began to sail for home.

“Thanks for the idea, Maui,” Maui-taha wiped his forehead with the back of his hand. “That was a relief!”

Maui just grinned. “What can I say except you’re welcome?”

Even though this adventure was highly exciting and enjoyable, the one problem was, the brothers had yet to catch fish for the family. Seeing as the island of Maui was a while off, the brothers decided to head back and they would do some fishing when they got closer to their homeland. Between the island pulling and all of the peeing, the fish of this area would have been scared off anyway. Maui and his brothers would collect fish closer to home.

Maui had done four great deeds at this point and he planned to do more! With a bladder empty of juice, anything was possible, after all!

*049*2023-05-30 00:34

This next story I wrote is one of my personal favorites. The reason being is that this story is not at all my own imagination and this story actually happened in Norse mythology! Granted, I created the dialogue and all of the extra details, but this event was said to have actually taken place.

Gjálp’s monster feet pounded against the soil, shaking the earth. The giantess lunged across the realm, deeply regretting all that mead. The giantess’ bladder was swollen so large, it could have been used as a marine life sanctuary. After way too much mead and a very long time traveling, Gjálp was gravely in need of a place to micturate.

Gjálp had been forbidden from tending to her bodily needs for three months now. As a giantess, her bladder captivity surprised even that of most of the gods. Given her giantess statue, Gjálp’s bladder was quite literally massive. Gjálp carried an unnatural amount of piss inside her pelvis for a very long time now. Yet, no matter how much Gjálp begged for the outhouse, her father refused her needs. Instead, whenever she asked, he just made her chug another barrel of mead. All because he wished to defeat his greatest foe.

Gjálp and her sister, Gerip, did rock-paper-scissors for this disgraceful task. Sadly, Gjálp lost, hence why she is here. Gjálp grumbled under her breath, already feeling the first leaks begin to dribble down her dress. The Jötunn swore more than any sailor in all the land. Her feet punched the earth, her toes leaving creators in the soil. Gjálp’s target was in sight. Her bladder felt as though it would burst from her abdomen at any moment now.

Gjálp rounded on the river, Vimur. Just as her father had promised, wadding across the stream, halfway through the current was none other than the mighty Thor himself. With his iron-gloved hands, he grasped Mjölnir in one hand and his strong iron staff in the other. The hefty god marched across the river bed. The shallow waters refused to pass his waist. Loki the god of mischief clung in the thunder god’s back. Technically speaking, after Gjálp’s father, Geirrad captured Loki, he promised to let Loki live if Loki brought him Thor. But sacrifices needed to be made for the Jötunn to rid themselves of their worst foe, Thor! Apparently, Loki's life and Gjálp’s bladder were said sacrifices.

Regardless, Gjálp was only mere moments from letting her urine out, and she could not be more happy. Reaching the river, Gjálp threw one leg over to the opposite side of the bank. Stradling the river, Gjálp kept each foot firmly planted on either side of the swift current. Tugging her dress as far up as her chest, the giantess squatted above the river, flashing the icy waters of Vimur, her naked pussy overflowing with fur.

Vimur was the largest river of the known universe. It dated all the way back to the creation of the nine worlds. And Gjálp would have the honor of pissing in it! She had to admit, having the opportunity to wash Thor away and forever rid her people of the blasted thunder god was an amazing chance. Her people would view her as a heroine! Her massive bladder captivity would destroy the very man who has murdered so many Jötunns.

Gjálp watched as Thor struggled to push past a heavy wave that shot at him. The thunder god fought his way forward and continued moving across the river. While Gjálp wasn’t too thrilled that her father refused her relief for so long, she understood his perspective. Thor was seconds from being taken care of! And now it was up to Gjálp to once and for all vanquish the mighty Thor.

So, she adjusted her stance, squatted a tad lower, and opened up her muscles. The feeling of freedom hit Gjálp harder than Vimur’s massive tidal waves. A blow-hole-sized urethra opened its walls wide and out of it came the most violent, messy, chaotic hiss ever heard in the realm of the Vikings. As Gjálp released her urine, steam appeared as the boiling liquid - previously inside her body - now met the freezing Norse air. Gjálp felt as though she was on top of the world. After months of holding back her mead, being forbidden from releasing it, and only adding more drink to the torture, Gjálp was finally allowed to unclench her muscles and give in to her needs. The pressure rapidly drained from Gjálp’s pelvis and instead filled the swift river below her.

Gjálp’s vulva heated up with a sweltering atmosphere of fresh urine. The gush shot from her wide-opened piss hole and fled into the river. The waters rippled and below her, they transformed a light shade of green. The Virmur quickly became flooded with added liquids. The waters billowed skyward, surpassing Thor’s stomach, his chest, and his shoulders. Gjálp felt herself break into a smile, her tusks poking out of the corner of her line of sight. The giantess felt nothing but cheer as her pelvis drained and her people’s arch-enemy became submerged in the current.

As Vimur overflowed, Thor and Loki became lost below its depths. Gjálp’s monster bladder wasn’t even a portion of the way voided yet, and she could barely see Thor or Loki anymore. Who knew the best way to kill Thor was by pissing for a few seconds? That’s all it took. With the mass amount of urine being ejected from her bladder every millisecond, it did not take long for Vimur’s tides to become so unstable and rocky that two of the strongest Aesir were lost below its rising rapid.

“Hey, Thor,” Gjálp shouted, despite no longer seeing the thunder god. “Good riddance! Why don’t you suck my…” Before she could finish her taunt, a tremendous hand, gloved in iron exploded from the waves. Its fingers were curled as though it was holding something.

Splashing from the shaking waters came none other than Thor with Loki still riding piggyback. Loki spit out water and desperately clung to Thor’s shoulders. Panicking now, the god of mischief climbed over Thor’s back and squeezed his face for dear life.

Thor turned to Gjálp. Their eyes locked. The two Aesir gods bobbed along the waves like a sinking ship. Gjálp understood her victory had been a bit too easy. It would take more than that to keep Thor down. Ready to show the thunder god what she was made of, Gjálp bore down on her pelvis.

She pushed and pushed and pushed as if she was having a bowel movement. Gjálp’s muscles contracted harder than ever before in the giantess’ life. Her bladder attempted to eject every drop of pee all at once. Gjálp’s flow of bodily liquid went from strong to off-the-charts-hissing-like-the-queen-of-waterfalls. Gjálp’s stream was so heavy, she could feel splashback from the growing river splash her legs and her labia. The giantess refused to give in. She continued to push down, attempting to squirt all of her bladder’s weight into Vimur.

Thor and Loki continuously rocked in the waves. The tide was climbing so high, both gods were forced to swim to the surface. Gjálp was pissing so much, the icy waters of Vimur began to boil over and they were even beginning to develop a nice yellow tint to them.

For a master trickster, Loki was terrible in an emergency situation. The god of mischief continued to climb all over Thor like a scared cat would its owner. Thor kept pushing Loki’s hands away from his long, red beard and fixed his eyes on Gjálp’s.

Thor pulled his closed fist back and then swung it forward like he was chucking a baseball. The projectile moved so fast, Gjálp was unable to make it out. It appeared just to be a gray trail of light. It was shooting so fast that the item was on fire like a comet. Gjálp barely had time to flinch before the object vanished beneath her legs and Gjálp felt a sharp twinge of her muscles.

The roar of giantess water stopped. Gjálp’s pee hole was suddenly closed off. There was a prickling sensation from Gjálp’s nethers. No matter how hard Gjálp pushed down and tried to piss, her body refused to spill so much as another drop.

Gjálp’s hands flew across her labia, still dripping with her behemoth micturition. Gjálp finally stumbled upon the problem. After finding her urethral opening, she discovered it was no longer an opening! Stuck inside her piss hole was a large rock. That terrible Thor clogged up her pipes with one swing of a stone! Gjálp wanted to murder the Aesir god! But panic began to fill her noggin.

If Gjálp’s pee hole was clogged, could she ever pee again? Gjálp had managed to release enough fluid in a quite amount of time that this was not a serious issue short term. But in the long run, would she ever be able to pee again? Gjálp knew her bladder was already filling up. It still had a decent weight to it and it was getting fuller by the moment. What if she was unable to remove the stone? Would Gjálp ever be able to drain herself? Would she have to live with the constant pressure? What if her bladder burst?

So many thoughts ran through Gjálp’s skull that the giantess found herself temporarily rigid. Her mind felt as if clouds were blocking it out. Her paranoia took over and insisted that her bladder was much more full than it felt. This new added fear made her need to urinate even more.

As Gjálp stood there, frozen in fear, trying to work with her horrified brain and construct a plan, she hardly even noticed Thor and Loki making it to the opposite end of the river. Thor stuck his iron staff between two branches of a rowan tree on the other side and used it to pull both him and a still freaking-out Loki to safety. The two gods escaped and resumed their journey.

Had Gjálp been in her right state of mind, she would have crushed both gods under toe for such a horrible deed. On the contrary, however, Gjálp’s mental state was out the window. The giantess had no idea where to go from here. How would she ever be able to drain herself again.

Stepping onto one side of the river so she was no longer squatting, Gjálp paced up and down the valley, hoping said movement would inspire her brain. Her fingers were much too large to remove such a blockage. She still couldn’t believe Thor lodged a stone up her pee hole! Jeez, Gjálp has heard of kidney stones, but this was ridiculous! That was it! Normally when a person has trouble urinating, what helps them the most? Having to pee more! Gjálp thought that was how it worked anyway. She could be wrong, but she was desperate and decided to try anything.

Gjálp got onto her hands and knees before the River Vimur. The waters of said river were overflowing onto the icy land. The yellowish river was causing the surrounding ice to melt. Normally Gjálp would be proud of having turned such a cold river into such a warm one. To change the entire climate around a moving body of water… That was impressive. Still, Gjálp knew the river would get cold again. Urine does cool down after a while, after all. Especially with the freezing temperatures of Scandinavia.

Gjálp stared at the flowing river with disgust, knowing full well these were the same waters she just peed in. Desperate to dislodge this stone, she sucked in her courage and began to scoop water out of the river into her cupped hands which she slurped down. Realizing this would take too long, the giantess stuffed her entire face in the river and began to gulp down wave after wave.

After spending much time at the bank of Vimur, Gjálp managed to drink enough fluid to cause the river to retreat almost back to its normal size. Gjálp soon began to feel the added pressure hit her. Her kidneys did their work with efficacy (despite having had to refilter previously urinated pee). Now, the Jötunn had a mountain-sized amount of pressure pressing into her sphincter.

Gjálp quickly squatted again on the river bank and opened up her muscles. This permitted the pee to flow. Gjálp could feel it rush down her pee tube, filling the urethra with hot liquid. Finally, the urine banged against the stone and remained trapped in her body. Not a single drop was able to pass from behind the boulder, holding her bladder prisoner. Gjálp began to get anxious again. Not only was she still unable to pee, but now she drank half a river and her bladder was more full than ever.

Gjálp felt as if an entire planet of water was being held inside her body. She knew this pressure would drive her crazy soon if she couldn’t get it out. Gjálp was tempted to at least try to remove the stone manually. But she was afraid her mammoth-sized fingers would just end up pushing the rock father inside her, making the situation ten times worse.

Gjálp clenched her muscles again, once again restricting the flow. There was still a large amount of urine trapped forever in her urethra. She decided to try again. Gjálp pushed as hard as she could, giving her urine pressure a fighting edge against its battle with Thor’s nasty rock. Gjálp’s urine once again hammered against the stone, but it held its ground. Gjálp did, however, feel a few drops trickle down her legs. This meant it was working, right?

She pulled her urine into a full retreat, holding back the flood before giving in and pushing as hard as she could. Gjálp had no clue if this was how the human body even worked. But she was a giantess, the rules of humanity didn’t apply to her anyway. This was worth a shot. She pushed down, squeezing as tight as she could. Her face broke out into a sweat and her body shook with frustration. She felt as if she was giving birth from her pee hole. Another trickle leaked out, this one stronger than the last.

Damn that Thor! He really wedged it in well. But Gjálp refused to let him win. She would pee! Gjálp tried again. The fourth time’s the charm! She held her piss for a moment, allowing her shaking, sweaty body to take a break. Afterward, she released and allowed pressure to fill her chute. Once again, only a few small drips. Urine had been trapped inside her pee tube for so long, her internal urethra began to burn with irritation. Gjálp knew if she didn’t get this rock removed soon, she would have serious problems on her hand.

Okay, maybe the fifth time’s the charm! Gjálp let her body rest and then bared down once more. She remained squatting, clutching her fists at her side, shaking like a freezing ice giant in labor. Against all odds, the pressure became so great that the stone shot from Gjálp’s body and splashed down into the River Vimur, vanishing below the tide. Following the stone out was a monster gush of boldly fluid.

Gjálp’s breath came out in an exasperated puff of steam. The giantess’ shoulders rolled up. She began to pant worse than a dog in summer. Letting out a weak and slightly miserable moan, Gjálp forced herself to relax and just enjoy the feeling of pissing. A giant wall of urine fled from Gjálp’s sweaty vaginal lips. The jet crashed into the river and once again caused the waters to ripple. Gjálp’s river quickly forced the Vimur River to rise back up. The mighty river again began to overflow towards the top of the banks and spill its contents over the edge, From her position, Gjálp’s pointed toes became doused in her waters, but she didn’t care.

It was a scary feeling being physically unable to pee. But now that it was over, Gjálp wanted to sing to the heavens. She gushed like the world’s worst sea storm. The waters of Vimur bounced all around. Hissing filled Gjálp’s ears and her pressure slowly dropped down.

Gjálp knew she would be here for a while. She was expected back at her father’s place. On the off chance that Thor and Loki escaped - which they now did - Geirrad had a backup plan for murdering them. Something about Gjálp and her sister, Gerip lifting Thor’s chair to the ceiling so he would be crushed between the ceiling and his very own seat. Geirrad’s schemes were always needlessly violent and confusing.

Gjálp knew she needed to leave soon. She still had to beat Thor and Loki back to her father’s place. But this piss felt too damn good to stop! Gjálp refused to stop the flow. Not for all the treasure of the dwarfs. The torrential gush continued to swell up the riverbed and misplace the water already contained. Yellow river water flowed all over. Gjálp just kept up the flow, taking satisfaction in every minute she spent peeing.

After nearly half an hour, Gjálp was nowhere near done urinating. But she knew her father would kill her should she miss his evil plan to murder Thor. So, Gjálp reluctantly wrapped it up. Closing off her stream, she was temporarily satisfied with her partially emptied bladder. Gjálp’s urinary sack was still so full that she had to do a small jig every once in a while, but she should be okay until after Thor was dead. Then, she would have an even more wonderful relief! Maybe her father would let her pee all over Thor’s dead body! That would be a dream come true to drown a deceased Thor in her golden glory.

With these happy thoughts in mind, Gjálp began to skip back home, ready to help her father and sister defeat Thor once and for all.

*050*2023-06-25 19:48

Hey! I was just wondering if people are still interested in this thread. I have many more stories of gods/goddesses desperate to pee and I am debating whether or not to post them. I don't want to bog down this thread if no one is interested. I worry I am posting too many stories. Just want to know if anyone wants to read more. Thanks in advance! 🙂

