Starlight

Author: Unbeknownst

*000*2017-11-27 15:07

Hi. It's been a while hasn't it?

Here's a thing I've been working for a couple months. I might come back to it. Or it'll end up like all my other projects, waiting for the next segment. Either way, I hope you enjoy what's been written thus far.

So without further ado:

... I can't seem to do my normal table of contents since the posts now merge for a reason I cannot fathom. Sorry about that. All my chapters are posted here as one long, long post.

As always, I appreciate comments/reviews/etc. I apologize if there are misspellings and other grammatical errors that I missed. Does writing in notepad preserve the formatting when it gets copied over? I don't quite like the way word documents are handled.

Chapter I: TLDR

So it wasn’t a dream. Elysia remembered the feeling of something coursing through her body, like there were insects running around under her skin. She remembered watching as the pitcher she had been reaching for suddenly jumped off the table at the party and shattered, its contents whirling in the air. She remembered the horror welling in her heart as she realized she was one of them. One of the people who disappeared off the streets without a trace. The people who bring doom.

What did her father think? The famed inventor Logan Wrynn’s only child, a demon. Not like the horned ones from Hell with the spaded tails. That’s just what society called those who exhibited the powers of the void. And she was one of them. He was probably worried sick about her. He wouldn’t care about the abuse he would get from society, the sideways looks, the whispers that followed him. He only cared about one thing, his creations. That’s just the way he was. And Elysia was one of them.

Elysia sat up groaning. Her head felt fuzzy. Not her hair, that was the texture of a feather and dark copper, but like there was a sort of static that prevented her from focusing. As the static faded, Elysia realized two things. One, she was on a wooden bed with leather straps obviously meant to bind limbs. Second, she was only dressed in her white undergarments. Blushing furiously, Elysia clutched the coarse, lumpy blanket that had fallen to her lap when she sat up to her chest. But as her peridot colored eyes scanned the room dimly lit by sputtering bulbs, there was not a single other soul.

Wooden cabinets, other beds, and desks filled the room. Bronze colored metal instruments and worn books covered every surface. The familiar smell of parchment was oddly comforting. Looking to her right, Elysia noticed that the clothes she had been wearing that night were laid out on the desk next to her bed. Her favorite black leather boots and matching gloves, the purple dress with silver cloth belt, the long hooded cloak, even the pair of goggles her father just recently gave her for her thirteenth birthday, they were all there.

With a glance around the room to reassure herself that she was alone, Elysia reached towards the clothes and felt something rub against her neck. The hand reaching towards her clothes changed direction towards her neck and she felt something metallic. Looking down, Elysia froze as she realized she was wearing a collar. Clear tubing with arcs of pulsing blue energy surrounded her neck. She didn’t remember it being put on or what it was for. And that worried her more than anything.

But worry wouldn’t help her. Elysia quickly changed into her clothes. She tread softly through the room. It appeared to be some sort of laboratory. Vials containing things she had never seen before lay corked among the various forms, notebooks, and medical journals spread across the desks. She grabbed a large knife that happened to be lying on one of the desks, evidently used to carve chunks out of a block of who knows what, and tucked it into one of the inner pockets of her cloak, replacing the knife that was no longer there. Whoever had undressed her was nice enough to give her back her clothes, but none of the things she usually carried with her. Her pocket watch, mirror, comb, notebook, and purse, were all missing.

The notebook she could replace easily enough. Elysia grabbed a mostly empty one off the desk and ripped out the pages that had already been written on. She also snatched a pen and tucked both in their usual pockets. Feeling a little more secure, Elysia adjusted her goggles which were lying on her collar like a necklace and went looking for the exit. And a restroom.

One of those was easy enough to find. A small set of stairs led up to a landing where a man in flamboyant green robes was reading a book at a pedestal. Despite Elysia’s light tread, he looked up immediately as she approached.

“Ah, the last sleeper wakes.” The man spoke conversationally. “You were out much longer than expected.”

“How long have I been asleep?”

“Two hours or so. Most people wake up after only fifteen minutes.” He leveled his gaze at her , but Elysia didn’t flinch. From a young age she had grown used to being closely inspected by her father’s visitors and acquaintances. The man’s mouth crinkled in a slight frown.

“Do you mind if I ask a few questions?”

The man nodded. “You want to know what the collar is for.”

“Among other things.” Elysia stood with both legs pressed together.

“Unleash your power.” She shook her head. The man’s frown deepened. “Go on, I promise I won’t do anything.” Elysia jutted out her chin. Until she knew more about her powers and how to control them, she was loathe to use them lest something horrible occur.

The frown on the man’s face changed to slight surprise. “Maybe I didn’t have to collar you. That collar suppresses your void powers so you don’t go around destroying everything.”

“Useful.” Elysia ran a hand along its metal rim. “I only have three questions. Where am I? Why am I here? Who are you?”

“You certainly don’t beat around the bush,” commented the man, clearly amused. “You are in the TLDR. You are here because you are a demon. I am Administrator Hall. But you can just call me Monty.”

“The TLDR? The Trans-Locative-Dynamic-Resonator?”

Monty’s eyebrows raised. “You know what this place is?”

“My father helped build it.” But I’ve never been inside. Elysia had only ever seen the place from the outside, a sprawling circular wood and bronze building surrounding the mouth of the Val Crater. Despite its construction only two decades ago, it already looked positively ancient compared to the glass and steel structures of the city. “I thought only pilgrims came here.”

People left the planet all the time, seeking a fresh start on a world elsewhere or perhaps fleeing something aboard the enormous colony ships that traversed the vast expanses of space between the stars. A very tiny number of wealthy individuals used the TLDR to instantly travel. For now, the TLDR was the only one of its kind although more were currently under construction, or in the planning stage.

“Oh, so that’s what happens to demons.”

“We send them off planet,”confirmed Monty. “It’s too dangerous for you lot to stick around here. Puts everyone at risk.”

“But why all the secrecy? And why not let them stick around as long as they promise to where a collar?”

“Too expensive. Each collar lasts only twelve hours and is worth a tremendous amount of money. It’s barely manageable to even afford to use it to prevent demons from using their powers until they’re shipped off world. Speaking of which,” Monty closed the book on the pedestal and pressed a palm against its cover, “it’s time for you to choose where you’re going.”

“You mean I get to choose which remote research facility I get to be a lab rat at?” asked Elysia dryly.

Monty grimaced. “We’re not inhumane. You don’t necessarily have to be a ‘lab rat’ as you put it. There are other options.”

“You mean like doing grunt work?”

“I mean like that Jurassic Park remake where they created a planet full of dinosaurs and set a bunch of contestants loose to see who could survive the longest.”

Elysia gulped. She realized her left leg was rocking forward and back and stopped it. It was only with great effort that she kept herself from squirming. “Could you tell me where the restroom is?”

Monty blinked and rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “I think there are some over yonder,” he gestured vaguely in a direction. “But you aren’t allowed in that part of the building. That’s outside of the staging area.”

“Great.” Elysia’s boots pointed toward each other as she squeezed her legs together tighter. “Are there some that I can use?”

“Not that I know of.”

“Then let’s get this over with quickly.”

Monty nodded. He did something with the hand pressed against the cover of the book and three golden circles appeared above it, following each other in a small orbit. “Each of these coins represents a place you can potentially be sent. Behind one is the research facility. Behind one is a life as a manual laborer. Behind one is the chance to join of those game show worlds that are in vogue. You can always choose to be a research subject or manual laborer, but you’re going to have to gamble for the third one. Keep in mind, you do get to choose which of the open game worlds you join.”

“I’m going to gamble. How does that work exactly?”

“It’s simple. Choose one of the coins. Then, I’ll reveal the coin for being a research subject or the manual laborer from among the coins you didn’t pick. Finally you’ll have the option to switch or stay and that will be where you end up.”

“So I’m playing the lottery. Got it.” Elysia pointed to one of the coins. The one leading it flipped over, revealing what appeared to be a waiting room. Clearly it was the coin for the research laboratory. That meant she could be manual laborer or join a game world, and she infinitely preferred the latter.

“Stay or switch?” asked Monty neutrally.

“Switch.” No hesitation. Monty raised an eyebrow. “Is that you final answer?”

“Yes.” Elysia stepped ever so slightly from foot to foot, her hands clenching and unclenching. She breathed out a sigh of relief as the coin flipped over to reveal a giant question mark and Monty announced she had her choice of game world. She followed him to another room filled with colorful posters.

“Pick one, any one. That’s where you’ll be sent.”

Elysia’s heart fell as she started looking through the posters. A lot of them were devoted to porn or had game where she would probably die immediately or would rather throw up than suffer the embarrassment of appearing in them. Elysia paced from one poster to the next. Her bladder demanded she make a decision as fast as possible, but it was also a decision she couldn’t afford to rush.

Finally, her eyes alighted on a world that seemed promising. Different shots of the world showed all types of terrain and as she read the caption, Elysia was stunned. Even if the Extra Galactic Group was by far the largest and most powerful entertainment organization, this really showed just how much money they had to burn.

Each contestant would play as a hero, competing against each other to see who could defeat the most monsters and bosses. But, of course, she didn’t have the chance to be a hero. She could only be a boss. Elysia pondered whether she could get away with hiding herself away somewhere. It certainly wouldn’t be pleasant, but it seemed the least worst option.

“Interesting choice.” Monty noted her choice on a clipboard. “That means you’ll be heading out in a half hour.”

“A half hour?!” Now that she had stopped walking around, Elysia found that she couldn’t stand straight. She bent forward slightly at the waist, bobbing every so often.

“That a problem?”

“I’m not sure I can wait another half hour before using the restroom.”

Monty waved a hand dismissively. “I’m sure there’s a restroom around that you can use. Follow me.”

Elysia trailed after Monty as he led her along various corridors. Her breath hissed through gritted teeth as she did her best to keep up with short, shaky steps. They arrived at a room where a young man in a suit sitting just inside the doorway looked up from his touch pad.

“You have another for me?”

Monty nodded and indicated Elysia who was quivering and biting at her lower lip, clasped hands resting against the front of her dress. She did her best to muster a smile and jerkily nodded her head, her cheeks pink from exertion and embarrassment.

The young man looked more than a little surprised. “Don’t worry, I don’t bite. Name’s Jose.”

“Elysia.” She winced both in effort and at how strained her voice was.

“Do you know where she can use the restroom?” asked Monty matter-of-factly and Elysia’s already pink face turned scarlet.

“Ohhh…” Understanding dawned on Jose’s face. “No idea. Do you know, Scott?”

“I don’t think there are any in this part of the building,” replied a deep, masculine voice. “The entire departure process is supposed to take only an hour tops.”

“The dosage was too high for her. She’s been under for two hours.”

“Then someone in operations screwed up big time.”

“So what do we do?”

“Uh…”

The awkward silence dragged on broken only by the quiet tapping of Elysia’s boots as she walked in place. For just a second, she lost control eliciting an almost inaudible high pitched squeak. Panting frantically,she jammed both hands between her legs curtsying on the spot.

“Oi!” cried Monty as Elysia took off, running back the way they had come. She barely made it around the nearest corner, hiking up the skirt of her dress and throwing her underwear down to her ankles before completely losing any remaining semblance of control. The sound of liquid hitting the ground echoed thunderously in the empty corridor. The release of tension caused her to shiver as she finally brought her breathing back under control.

Finally, the torrent died down and Elysia pulled her underwear back up, staggering to her feet from her crouching position braced against the wall. As she let her dress fall back into place, she noticed two figures standing in the intersection with their backs turned. She froze, a deer in headlights as they both turned around. One was Monty, the other was a large, muscly Caucasian man in a tank top and cargo pants. An equally massive assault rifle was clasped in his hands.

“Don’t just run off like that!” admonished Monty. He looked pointedly at the large puddle Elysia was standing in and she hung her head, “I’ll get someone to clean this up. Take her back, Scott.”

Looking vaguely uncomfortable, Scott nodded and shouldered the assault rifle. “Come on,” he grumbled. Elysia carefully walked over so as not to splash. She eyed the gun on Scott’s back.

“You weren’t really going to shoot me,were you?”

He tapped the barrel. “If you kept running, then I would. Taking care of rebels and runners is my job after all.”

Elysia gulped.

Waiting in the holding room was very uncomfortable both because she was still wearing her wet underwear and the room was full of dangerous looking people. Seemingly noticing for the first time, Jose moved over to her from his seat by the door and pointed toward her neck.

“What’s with the goggles?”

“They’re a gift from my father.” Elysia pulled them off and offered them to Jose. He put them on and she giggled as he blinked back at her with owl eyes. “If you put your hand here, you should feel a row of buttons.”

“Here?” Jose pushed something and gasped. “Woah! These things have x-ray vision!”

“There’s more buttons too.”

Jose chuckled as he tried a couple more of the buttons. “These are awesome! Do you know where he got them?”

“He made them.”

“Made them?” asked Jose incredulously as he handed the goggles back. “Who is your father?”

“Logan Wrynn.”

“Your father’s Logan Wrynn?” Jose pulled off the goggles and stared incredulously. “You’re joking. I never even heard of him having a wife.”

Elysia shook her head and held out her hand. Jose gave her back the goggles, still in a bit of a daze. “Do you think he could help me with my school research project?”

“How do you have time for school when you already have a career?”

“This?” Jose held up the tablet. “This isn’t a real job. It’s a part time gig. I don’t even own this suit.”

“I see.” Elysia propped her chin on the back of her fist as she thought. “Can you tell my father where I am? I’m sure he’ll at least consider it if you tell him I sent you.”

“Can do.” Jose checked the tablet. He then stood up and nodded to Scott who stood up as well. “It’s time,” he announced to the room at large. “Everybody follow me.”

Chapter II: EGG

Elysia staggered, her head and stomach churning. Never again. Stifling a belch, she stumbled across the concrete floored room towards the exit where blocky robots in the vague shape of a human sat. One turned towards her as she approached and spoke in its electronic synthesized voice.

“Name?”

“Elysia-” she grimaced covering her mouth with one hand cheeks puffing out. A moment later, she managed to swallow back the bile and gasped, “-Wrynn.”

“Checking… checking… checking… confirmed. Follow me.”

The robot led her to a small room with a tall glass tube, a desk with a terminal, and a bed. The whole room buzzed with energy. Elysia stepped hesitantly across the threshold and a heavy door descended behind her, sealing them in.

“Special materials are on the bed.” Elysia walked over to the bed and found a brand new set of underwear still in its packaging. Someone must of let them know what happened. The thought caused her cheeks to turn pink again in embarrassment. The robot continued over to the glass tube which opened to accept it.

“Wait here. An attendant will arrive shortly.” The whine of machinery grew louder and the tube shut again. Elysia quickly changed into her new underwear wishing that they had thought to include a pair of boots. The robot shot up in the tube, disappearing from sight.

A few minutes later, a young man stepped out of the transport tube. “Jose?” asked Elysia in surprise and then immediately regretted it. The man looked a lot like Jose at first glance, but now that she looked at him properly she realized he was slightly shorter and his features were sharper.

The man chuckled. “Don’t worry, you’re not the first person to call me by my brother’s name.” He extended a plastic gloved hand. “Marcos.” They shook. “You’re Elysia, correct?”

“Yes.”

“Please have a seat on the bed.” He waited for her to settle in and then walked over to the terminal. A large transparent rectangle appeared between them as he activated. “I will now explain everything.”

The EGG did not reserve a planet as Elysia had first thought, they had reserved an entire system. The Caraspite System specifically. The system had seven planets total. Right now they weren’t on a planet, but rather on a space station orbiting beyond the seventh planet. This station would act as a processing area. Every contestant would go through it before being sent to one of the starting cities on the fourth planet, Dirk.

“So you get all that?”

“I think so.” Elysia leaned her elbows on her knees and propped up her chin. “So my job is to kill any contestants I come across.”

“It’s up to you how aggro you want to be, but yes. They’ll just respawn at whichever city they’re bound to.”

“Is there a catch? I thought there was a mention of how EGG would let a few demons go.”

“Yes.”

“So how do I do that?”

“Its less that the EGG will let a few of you go and more that the EGG doesn’t discourage you escaping.”

“…Oh.”

Elysia’s mind raced a mile a minute vaguely considering different plans for how to accomplish just that. Marcos coughed gently to regain her attention. “We’re supposed to get you on planet as soon as possible, so if we could move along…”

“Huh? Yeah, sure.”

A panel slid open below the terminal and Marcos retrieved a tall thermos. “Drink this,” he commanded handing it to Elysia.

“All of it?”

“All of it.”

The drink tasted like plain water and it took several seconds to empty the entire thing. She gasped as she finished, handing the now empty thermos back to Marcos. Elysia’s vision swam and she shook her head,blinking rapidly. The world slowly faded back into focus.

“Everything working?”

Elysia stretched widely, but nothing felt like it had changed. She gave him a thumbs up.

“You tried using the menus and everything?”

“Oh, no not yet. One sec.” Transparent multicolored huds and pages flickered across her vision as she mentally commanded each to appear in turn. “Yes, they’re working.”

“Great. Then all that’s left is to choose your starting location. Remember that you’re not limited to the same ones as normal players.”

“Right. I’m allowed to choose a starting spot on Rondel, correct?” Rondel was the third planet from Caraspite. A gas giant, the planet itself was not actually habitable, but all of its moons were created to be. Elysia pointed to the largest city on the lowest hanging of its moons. “I want to start there.”

“Got it.” Marcos hit a button and gestured towards the transport tube. “That will take you to the shuttle hangar. I’ve already got it set to take you straight to the shuttle you’re assigned.”

The assigned shuttle was a tiny transport craft designed for carrying freight between planets. A young woman with an earpiece and tight fitting white jump suit was maneuvering hover pallets into the hold when Elysia stepped out of the transport tube.

“Make yourself useful!” called the woman. “Pass a crate.”

Not sure whether it mattered which one she passed, Elysia activated the nearest hover pallet and pushed it over as the woman appeared again at the loading ramp.

“Thanks. You’re the passenger to Locriste?”

“Yes.”

“Then help me get all this loaded.”

The woman wiped some sweat off her brow as she slid into her seat in the cockpit. Elysia was already sitting in what would normally be the co-pilot’s seat. The ship hummed to life. A man’s face projected on the viewing screens in front of them. He did not look happy.

“Larsen!” he shouted, a vein popping in his temple. The woman cowered in her seat. “You are fifteen minutes behind schedule. Explain yourself!”

“The cargo wasn’t loaded! I had to load it all myself.”

“Oh.” The man’s face was still red, but he didn’t look quite so furious anymore. He wiped some spittle off his mouth. “Well get going then. We’ll make up for the lost time elsewhere.”

“Okay sir. Sorry sir.”

“Just take off already.” The communicator shut down and the woman sighed as she settled down in the seat. Her hands darted all over the cockpit before shoving the throttle forward.

“Sorry about that. I’m Marie.”

“Elysia.”

“Well Elysia, this is what it’s going to be like for the next few hours.” Marie’s chair slid back and she reclined. “Nothing but space.”

“You don’t have to fly it?”

“Only if the autopilot breaks. I’m basically just here to set the flight path and in case something malfunctions.”

“That’s convenient.”

“Kinda makes me wonder why I went to flight school for ten years.”

Elysia chuckled at that and then returned to looking out the view port. “So this is what space is like.” A familiar sensation caught her attention and she turned away from the view. “Where’s the restroom on this ship?”

Marie gave her directions and she soon found the tiny restroom tucked away in the corner of the ship. Elysia pressed her hand against the entry pad. After a few seconds processing, the pad displayed an error. Sighing, she returned to the cockpit.

“That was fast.”

“The entry pad gave me an error. Something about maintenance.”

“Right. I forgot.” Marie tapped her forehead. “It broke this morning and still needs to be repaired.”

“When do you think it’ll be fixed?”

“It’ll be fixed overnight.”

Not words Elysia wanted to hear. Fortunately she wouldn’t have to actually wait until evening, only until they landed planet side. She settled back in her seat. At will, a page seemed to project in front of her. A sheet that displayed many more vital statistics than she would ever want to know and quite a few that caused her to blush. After clearing it so that only the ones she viewed as necessary remained, she noted the reading on one of the bars.

50%? Already? When did I last use the restroom? Now that she thought about it, she hadn’t used the restroom since the disastrous episode at the TLDR. That was quite a while ago. Probably around a couple hours.

“How long will it be until we get to Locriste?”

“Not that bad, it’s around 3 hours or so.”

Out of curiosity, Elysia asked Marie about all the controls in the cockpit and she was happy to oblige, even going so far as to teach her how to fly the ship and explaining the differences between different ship types and brands. Elysia was engrossed, taking notes in her notebook to save for later, but in the back of her mind was worry. As time wore on, the worry grew from a quiet reminder to a nagging. As Marie finished a topic, Elysia excused herself for a moment so she could check her status.

The reading made her heart sink. After mentioning her need to Marie just after take-off, Elysia had found the need giving her gentle reminders every so often, the intensity and frequency increasing slightly over time. She’d even repressed the urge to squirm on the last couple. Now, only an hour and ten minutes into the flight, the bar she had looked at before already rose by 25%. Her heart sank. If it kept rising at its current rate, she wouldn’t make it.

Marie hit her armrest slightly to get Elysia’s attention as she stood up. “I’m going to go use the restroom. Be right back.”

“I thought you said it was broken.”

Marie stopped mid stride and cocked her head. “Right. How could I forget?” She returned to her seat and reclined again. “An hour and forty-five minutes left,” she murmured thoughtfully. Her eyes seemed blur and remained so for a several seconds before sliding back into focus. A sharp frown marred her face and then cleared. “Where were we again?”

“We were talking about environment shielding.”

“Right, so as I was saying…”

They didn’t talk for too much longer. Elysia found herself shifting almost constantly, tiny, subtle movements caused by the sensation weighing in her abdomen. One of her hands subconsciously lay across her lap, the other pulling at strands of her hair. Marie’s eyes were blurred again. She was watching a movie about something or other. The premise didn’t interest Elysia.

I can do this. I can hold it. So Elysia thought to herself legs bouncing as she pressed into her seat breathing heavily. Her legs slammed together as another wave of desperation hit her and sighed with relief when it passed. She could last a little longer at least.

GST or Galactic Standard Time was based on GMT at the date when a standardized time was set. As the length of a day varied so widely, it was common place to hear people talk about times in ridiculously large number of hours or use a time translator. Thus, the “tomorrow at 10 am,” on the EGG website would be two days for her.

Tomorrow at 10 am was the day that the players invited to take part in The Birth of Heroes would first land at one of the starting cities on Dirk. Elysia chose a starting spot on Rondel precisely for this reason. She didn’t want to be confronting players. Their job was to kill her. Her job was to flee. Most of the other demons that chose this, chose it because they wanted to kill people. Murders, criminals, thugs, or those who had given up on life and wanted something to vent their anger. Those that who, like Elysia, picked the job because of its vague possibility of freedom were the vast minority.

With a gasp, Elysia twisted violently in her seat. Another wave of desperation assaulted her, but she grimly held back, quivering and gritting her teeth. She squirmed in her seat, the intensity giving way to a constant pressure. She loosened her belt but it did little to ease her suffering. Her heart sank as she glanced over her status. Her underwear was still dry. Barely. A hand pressed between her legs giving far more relief to her aching muscles than undoing her belt did. Like this, she could hold it. Just not for long enough.

Rolling sideways in her seat, Elysia looked over towards Marie. The latter had her legs crossed tightly and constantly shifted ever so slightly. Elysia had no idea how badly Marie needed to go, but she knew that she wouldn’t make it to Locriste.

“Marie!”

Eyes refocusing, Marie turned her head. “What is it?”

“Is there some way I can relieve myself?”

“The restroom-”

“I know the restroom’s broken!” Elysia didn’t mean to snap, but she knew her clock was running short. “I’m not going to make it.”

“What?!” Marie sat bolt upright. “Uh… I don’t know what to do about that.”

“There isn’t some kind of bucket or container?” Elysia rocked forward and backward. She felt her control slip, droplets streaming past her tortured muscles and into her underwear. With a yelp, she pressed her hand hard into her crotch shaking. She settled a couple seconds later, drops of sweat trailed down the side of her face.

“I’m sorry, I can’t think of anything.” Marie gave her a sympathetic look. “It’s only about forty-five minutes left.”

Elysia leaked again, a series of short spurts that left a baseball sized wet spot on the seat of her underwear. She sniffled a little at the thought of not being able to make it to a restroom yet again. One was so close, but unusable. Her already red face grew redder as she realized she would have to ask for a clean set of underwear. Again.

There were still fifteen minutes left when her bladder was filled. Completely. Both hands were firmly wedged between her legs which scissored and kicked in the air as she fought against the inevitable. Marie in the other seat had resorted to placing a hand between her own legs, her face stoically expressionless aside for her glowing cheeks displaying her embarrassment.

Elysia grabbed at the skirt of her dress, pulling it up to armrest level. She still somehow managed to mostly hold back the impending flood despite the constant leaks that saturated her underwear and left her sitting in a small puddle in the chair. The ship came to rest in a large field beside a sprawling complex.

“Hey.” Marie’s eyes widened as they fell upon Elysia’s shaking form and the puddle she was sitting in. She gently shook Elysia’s shoulder. “We’re here.”

“I-” squeaked Elysia. She managed to stand and even made it a couple steps before falling onto her heel, whimpering pathetically.

“I’ll get someone to clean it up,” said Marie. “Just let it go.”

“Really?”

At the woman’s reassuring nod, Elysia relaxed. A torrent sprayed thunderously against the metal floor. She could feel spattering on the insides of her legs, but she didn’t care. By the time it finally tapered off, she was left with just damp legs and a feeling of soreness. A shower, fresh clothes, and a good sleep. That was everything she wanted at that moment.

Marie was gone. Presumably she was in a good enough state to go find a real restroom. Elysia untied her belt and used it to wipe off as much as she could before nervously descending from the shuttle.

Chapter III: A Fresh Start

Following the instructions of some stern faced woman who addressed her as she got off, Elysia hitch hiked to the main building on the tractor pulling the train of hovering pallets. Once there, she followed the posted signs finally arriving at a spacious lobby area filled with rows of comfy looking padded seats. Elysia went straight to one of the desks and was then sent to room 23.

Room 23 was similar to her room back on the EGG space station. This time, a person was waiting for her. An elderly man with an eye patch, lab coat, and very projecting voice greeted her disinterestedly as she entered the room and had her sit lay on the bed.

“Now, don’t move.” A series of hisses and cracks later, the collar was removed from Elysia’s neck. She rubbed at her neck. It had felt weird having something pressing against it constantly.

“Better?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Good.” The man wheeled away and hit a button. “Now this was all explained to you right? How the game works?”

“Yes. Me against the world. But if they die, they come back. And if I die, I’m dead.”

“I meant about how you had to have some sort of identifying feature showing that you are a boss.”

“Right. I have to choose to be converted to a “race” reserved for void spawn.”

“Void spawn. Now there’s a term I haven’t heard in a very, very long time. Sorry, go on.”

“In addition, I get starting equipment, starting wealth, and some enhancements. That’s all I remember.”

“Well, that was basically everything anyway. Right now, we’re going to do your race conversion and enhancements. Then you will go see the Director for the rest.”

“Okay, got it.”

“You’re ready?”

“Ready.”

The bed Elysia was lying on expanded another 3 feet in length and width as a glass covering descended over her. Something pricked the back of her neck and she lost her normal vision. Right now she could only see screens depicting her visual appearance, readouts of her current status, and the possible choices she could make.

Every player, every monster, had a set of parameters divided up into two categories, mental and physical. For mental, there was processing, generation, memory, and conceptualization.Simply put, processing was how quickly a person could think. Generation was the breadth of ideas they could come up with. Memory was how much information could be stored. Conceptualization was the ability to grasp a new idea in a meaningful fashion.

For physical, there were another six parameters, strength, flexibility, responsiveness, reactivity, resilience, recovery. Strength and flexibility were straightforward. Responsiveness was how quickly a thought could be translated to physical action. Reactivity was ease of creating muscle memory. Resilience was the amount of physical punishment that could be endured and recovery was how quickly the body could restore itself.

Reading through the races, Elysia finally settled on becoming a vampire. She wouldn’t be able to turn into a bat or do magic. She would however gain increased responsiveness, resilience, and recovery. For her enhancement, she slightly improved her mental processing. Confirming her selection, the world blurred.

It felt like no time had passed when her vision cleared, but she highly doubted that was the case, a doubt that she confirmed for herself when she looked over and realized the man was gone, his swivel chair sitting empty. The door to the room opened and the man wheeled in a floor length mirror as the bed opened and returned to its normal size.

“It’s done.”

Elysia groaned as she sat up. Her body felt sore, but that soreness was slowly going away.

“I’d have thought you would choose something that gave you more strength.”

“I can always start strength training. It’s much more difficult for me to improve my mental capabilities.”

“Never thought about it that way. Here.” He wheeled the mirror into position and Elysia gasped. She still had the same body shape and type. The most striking difference was how pale her skin was and her hair which had turned jet black with only streaks of its original copper remaining. She opened her mouth revealing fangs. Her fingers had grown ever so slightly longer and slenderer.

Recoiling slightly, Elysia hopped off the bed and tried walking around. It was slightly disorienting having all her actions start sooner than she was used to. With that out of the way, Elysia made her way up to the Director’s office. A harried looking man bade her enter and pointed at a backpack sitting on an empty chair. “Take that and then you can go wherever you want.” The backpack felt empty and he explained that all it contained was a money pouch, she would have to buy supplies herself.

Slinging the backpack over her shoulder, she made her way out of the building and found herself standing in the center of a large city. Skyscrapers reached upwards towards the yellow-green gas giant completely filling the sky. People of varying races filled the streets. A couple passersby cast glances at her and Elysia pulled her cloak tighter.

Sunlight pouring through the open window warmed Elysia’s face and caused her to stir. Rolling away from the brightness, she yawned widely exposing wickedly sharp fangs and blinked awake. She was lying on a bed with clean white sheets in a small room. Her room. At least until noon. Throwing aside the covers, she stood up revealing a white short shorts and a black tank top. Feeling much refreshed, especially after the events of yesterday, Elysia wandered into the bathroom to get ready for the day.

A short while later, Elysia was standing in front of the floor length mirror dressed in only a new set of underwear trying to drag a comb through her hair. Her hair, however, was already silky smooth. Shrugging, she tossed the comb aside and started pulling clothes out of bags, deciding what she was going to wear today. Given how warm the temperature was, she finally settled on a navy t-shirt, black skirt, and dark leather boots. Lastly, she pulled on a pair of matching gloves and hung her goggles around her neck.

Elysia followed a wide river through the large grassy plains surrounding Locriste and into valley bordered on either side by rolling hills and sparse forest. But her final destination was still a far distance away. She stopped in the shade and refilled the jug from the river drinking most of it down in one go. Emerging for air, she sighed and lay back. The light didn’t cause her to burst into flames, turn to stone, or any number of other horrible endings, but it was certainly wearing her down quicker than usual. Here in the shade, she felt refreshed, stronger.

After her rest, Elysia continued on to her final destination, a large bowl like depression bordered one side by rolling hills and the other by dense forest and rocky cliffs. It was here that she decided to make her campsite, her training site. Her new home.

One month later

Trails of light cut through the air in the wake of a shimmering silver blade. The figure wielding the blade stepped forwards with an upwards cut cleaving in two a grey stone skinned monstrosity with a ragged leather loin cloth and hulking club. Crying out in pain and surprise, the troll crumbled into pieces and disappeared leaving behind filthy leather, some coins, and a cracked club.

Elysia sheathed the sword and collected just the coins. No point in taking the rest of the loot. It would just be cumbersome. Tucking the coins into a pouch from her backpack, she shouldered her belongings and hurried back down the mountain. Night would be falling soon.

At first the howling of monsters kept Elysia awake at night, cowering beneath her covers listening carefully in case they were drawing closer. But by the end of the week, she had grown to trust in the sturdy construction of her crude house and the concoctions she had bought and then made to drive the monsters away. She never truly became comfortable with it, but at least she could sleep.
