FtM Desperate Pissing Fic

Author: undoing

*000*2018-12-12 14:55

I have started writing watersports fiction in my downtime to fill spaces that I don't see too often in the community and would love to see. For those of you who like transgender men and piss, I have something you may enjoy

!

The story is sexually explicit beyond what regular pissing entails, including masturbation (and more, in the second chapter that is also posted). There will be more chapters and separate stories coming soon for sure.

I would love feedback on what fellow transgender men and appreciators of transgender men would like to see, as well as just anyone with any suggestions. It can be a way to improve on my writing, or it can just be an idea for a story or a specific kink / fantasy to incorporate. Not to mention I am completely willing to write about men that aren't transgender, and include [most likely dominant] women in some cases! You don't need to rate my submissions or anything, I'm only looking for how to entertain!

*003*2018-12-13 16:14

{{22 hours ago, Alex Cubed said:

As an "appreciator of transgender men", especially the type in your story, I liked this story. The self inflicted desperation was a good length, and the revenge for hogging the bathroom happened at what is a top moment of desperation for me, leaking. It wasn't just to be mean, it was necessary in a sense since he was starting to wet himself.

The relationship between the two is pretty normal for the piss kink, not much to say. I did read chapter two and it seems like they have an ongoing thing.

Overall I enjoyed it, for mostly for omorashi reasons but I also did enjoy a different type of character.

As for what I'd like to see, I like your transman(as described in the first paragraph of the story) but I'd prefer him more solo when it comes to omorashi. For example, take your transman but he's in a group of other males unaware of his status, away from normal restrooms. Other males may use nature but your character doesn't want to expose(or out) himself. Yada yada yada.

Overall please write more, and please write more transman stuff.

}}

Thank you for your feedback! There's no stopping me from writing trans male material, trust me. As for the on-going dynamic, I will be writing either one or two more chapters before concluding their story with a rather dramatic group watersports story. In the future, I would probably rather stick to one-offs. I should really consider solo ideas, and yours sounds like a solid premise. I already have an idea cooking about how to incorporate that into a specific story... Once I'm done with this little mini-series, I'll put this idea up high on my to-write list !

{{20 hours ago, ThornWild said:

This is really good! Definitely keep writing and filling this gap in the community. I've written an ftm wetting fic, too. It can be found here

, in case you'd like to read it. It's . . . mostly porn, tbh.

}}

"Mostly porn" is totally fine by me. And thank you very much! I really liked the desperation you wrote about, especially with its special realistic circumstance. That familiar phenomenon with early-transition bathroom jitters speaks to the old me—now I pass too well and am too far along to be concerned about whether other men are strangely pondering my sitting-to-pee or not. Besides, the inherent fun of existing in the men's bathroom for me outweighs all that past negativity.

That does bring to mind ideas about incorporating that dilemma into writing... or, since I usually write about trans men like Peter in my first published story, at least something tangentially related to transgender bathroom woes!

