Biker desperation

Author: Uroguy

*000*2024-01-22 03:26

It was a busy run down below in the city as horns blare, people walk to their destination, trains crackled down the track, and planes roared above. The highways were jammed to the brim as were some city streets. It wasn't any different from any other city day. One of the freeway users was a blonde-haired woman of about 27 years old dressed in a leather jacket, long leather boots, and denim jeans. Her top was an yellow-colored sweater. Her helmet was all black in color. She and her motorbike stood still waiting for traffic to move. Up ahead was an exit that for some reason was so packed it moved slowly.

Our protagonist on the motorbike, gripped her bike handles tightly, as if holding on for dear life. She hunched forward a little, but she maintained her composure. Her bike engine rumbled a little waiting for its driver o move forward. Car drivers blared their horns while others sat back wondering when the traffic will move in the very right lane. The other two lanes moved a little quicker but still slowly. Those in the right lane were envious of those in the middle and left lanes. Of course it wasn't possible ad no one could enter those lanes thanks to traffic in those lanes.

It was 2 pm and still traffic dodnt move far in the past 2 hours. Something was slowing down all traffic in the right lane and it came from this one exit. Up ahead at the exit, it was rush hour for those on the city street where the exit ramp went. There was merging traffic followed by a traffic light. It was one of those long lights that allow one way to have free travel for 2 minutes while the other only had 30 seconds. How unfair but no matter this was the way it was. One driver had to put up with a passenger squirming because she had to pee like crazy.

As for our protagonist, she shook her left leg while waiting for this traffic to keep moving. She kept her grip on the handle the same. She wondered when this nightmare will be over and how long it had to be before things got better. But she had to endure since she wasn't some 4-year old. She had to bear it as a grown woman. And she had lots of these scenarios going to and coming from work. She kept her gaze upon the traffic before her despite her hunched position on her bike.

The cars began to move little by little at the exit. Each car ahead moved one by one as more room to move became available. This went from each car up to our protagonist and behind her. For a brief moment, everyone kept moving albeit slowly but still a measly 20 mph was better than nothing. Then, after 30 seconds and ever so much closer to the exit ramp, the traffic stopped again. Hope replaced by disappointment and more frustration. Our protagonist was again left stuck on the road and still waiting to pass by the exit.

She grabbed her bike handles tightly again, fighting something knowing at her. She hung on foe dear to prevent something from occurring. But what? She shifted in her seat battling it out internally. It was imperative she prevented it with all her might. Suddenly, she jumped from her seat due to a horn blaring next to her. She turned to see a guy in a white t-shirt and khaki shorts. He wasn't wearing safety gear nor a helmet. He winked at her, kidding his head slowly with a smile.

"'Sup Hon? Wanna go for a ride down my lane?" Asked the man. She wasn't in the mood for this and responded as nicely but honestly as possible. "No thanks! I've got a husband." The man changed his smile and looked forward as he sped off slowly. She was glad the man kept going and alone she was to herself. She tapped her foot against the bike a little quicker this time. Our impatient protagonist stared ahead hoping the traffic would move again. Another two minutes passed and again the traffic moved. Again, each vehicle proceeded to move one at a time until it was her turn.

This time, she moved while hunched and bodily tense. All of her body just didn't want to move nor did it want to relax. Her breathing labored and her demeanor in distress, she managed to keep the bike moving in stride with the traffic. Amazing right! Just as she was about to pass the exit, yet again, the car in front was about to move forward until it going to a halt. The car in front was stopped by traffic in front that couldn't fully move out of the way and off the right lane of the highway. Again, traffic stopped and our protagonist could see a huge procession of cars. They stopped due to merging traffic and a red light.

She let her head drop to the level of the controls of the motorbike. She was so close and still had to be so far just because of traffic. And worse, the car in the exit lane turned on the blinkers. Great! Just great for another stupid delay. Our protagonist had to stop again and this time she put her right glove hand against her face. Was the universe after hee today or were humans becoming more annoying?

She raised her visor and whipped out her phone. She viewed her text messages from her husband, her sister, her friends, and of course, her mother. It helped her to pass the time and distract from the main issue. Halfway through waiting, she hunched forward while shifting in her seat. She clenched her left fist to prevent something. It was imperative to do so or else. What could she be fighting? She kept looking ahead at the traffic so as to be aware of what's going on.

After another 2 minutes, the traffic kept moving ahead of the vehicle with the blinkers. Our protagonist looked ahead longing for the vehicle to move but it was clear it wasn't going to happen. Luckily, a vehicle from behind her in the middle lane, made space for her. She took notice and moved into the middle lane. From there, she kept on moving with traffic up until a certain distance from the car ahead.

She was glad to keep moving with traffic. But she was hunched forward and too much so, gripping the handle bars for dear life. After 5 minutes, she moved over to the right lane and took the next exit. From there, she made her way to the side walk of the street she merged onto. Sadly, she saw nothing but warehouses instead of an establishment. But perhaps, there was something here. She turned off her bike and put her keys in the pocket of her leather coat.

Carefully, she moved backwards and off her bike. She proceeded to walk up to the nearest warehouse, searching for an entrance. But sadly it was closed. She noticed the same for the other warehouses nearby. She looked down in disappointment, tightly clenching her fist. She briskly walked back to her motorbike and slowly drove off, back on to the highway. She traveled for a period of 15 minutes, enduring moments to be tense and others a little more relaxed.

What bothered our protagonist and why? She drove as fast as traffic allowed and sped up occasionally when space was available or when traffic moved a little faster. She held on despite the minutes passing away. After 15 minutes, the traffic eased up and continued to flow uncongested. She stepped on the gas, traveling at a cruising speed of 70 mph, evading all the traffic on the road. She didn't hesitate to move as far as possible up the traffic to her exit. Once there, she exited off the freeway and to her home.

As soon as she got on, the first obstacle was a traffic light. She stopped at the light waiting for it to turn green. She gripped her handle bar, hunched forward, and under so much stress. The traffic perpendicular to her direction moved at a snail's pace due to city traffic zone of 15 mph. She viewed each vehicle pass by one at a time. Her left foot tapped rapidly against her bike to alleviate her tension. At the same, a few pedestrians started walking across the intersection, causing traffic to wait longer.

She kept her head down and body tense as the traffic and pedestrians moved slowly. After another 30 seconds, the light turned green. She proceeded to travel as fast as traffic would allow as she passed each block, and dealt with each traffic light. She had to stop and go at almost every light.

At one point, she pulled over to focus on her internal struggle. She breathed heavily with all her might to keep back what shouldn't come out. She hunched forward to the point of which her helmet touched the metal portion of the handle bar. She tried bringing her legs closer together but of course the seat of the bike was in the way. Clinging to the black portion of her handle bar, she clung for dear life. She tried to keep moving at a steady rate on the road, but it was too much to bear. She had several blocks to go before reaching her apartment building. Stubbornly, she kept going but after 5 minutes, she just couldn't make the trip. Again, she pulled over and got off her bike.

Our protagonist briskly, and awkwardly walked inside the nearest take out food joint. There, she asked the server for their bathroom. The bathroom was out of order and again, she was left without a means to go. She tried the shoe store nearby but the bathroom was only for employees. Finally, the jewelry store down the road took her in and allowed her to use their facility.

She ran inside and undid her jeans, lowered it and plopped herself on the toilet. For the next 2 minutes, out came a torrent of her large coffees, water, and juice. She sighed while keeping her hands by her sides and head facing the ceiling. The relief was sheer ecstasy and joy. Her lower region kept pouring out liquid gold, turning thr bowl water golden, and of course, her skin nearby the exit was drenched in rivulets and droplets into the toilet.

After the two minutes were up, her stream slowed to a trickle, then to droplets, then every 7 seconds, then to a stop. She pushed out her last bit of her gold and proceeded to wet some paper towel. She wiped herself and got dressed. Later she got on the road and made it back to her apartment. She went inside to her apartment room, plopped herself on her lounge chair, and chatted up a storm with her friend Deedra Dill. "Yo Dee what's up?" "Sup Brijet Barketta?".

*001*2024-01-22 15:48

Hope you all liked my story. It wasn't the usual desperation and frantic female character. I wanted a different story posted, one in which the female makes it, and without self wetting. And a female character more disciplined like Octavia Starr in Resistance is futile. As always, positive feedback is good.

*003*2024-01-23 16:13

{{19 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Like you said - it is a different story - and a very good one.

Well written and the length felt just perfect for the situation.

I enjoyed the read a lot, thank you!

}}

You're welcome. I agree that brevity matters more. I don't have time for long drawn out stories of pee holding and leaking, until the big leak. Besides, a female character shouldn't just be frantic and about spill her guts. A more disciplined character seemed better this time.

I did want your feedback on an idea to wrote about a model working at an agency that does various modeling, such as drawing painting, body paint, photoshoots for indoor clothing, indoor and outdoor. In this idea, a model is already severely desperate and has to endure doing various modeling projects the whole day without a break or breaks that get denied for some reason or another, and eventually pees her bloated golden ocean in her very last photoshoot.

But besides the basics, I am not sure how the modeling industry works and how to write all that. I am not even sure how to get this model to be so desperate. Thoughts from you? Anyway, so far it seems best to do short stories like the biker Brijet.

*004*2024-02-17 15:40

I would say she rode this for the story.

