Pee Desperation: Choose Your Own Adventure

Author: UrineLover1

*000*2022-12-05 04:30

You are hiking in the woods with a large group of people. You and your best friend decided it would be a nice break away from the big city to explore nature. So, you two drove three hours to this nature park where a tour guide is giving a tour of the park's wonderful history

This nature park is home to the eighth largest waterfall in the world, it is home to the largest geyser field in your state, and the third largest beaver dam in the country. Who knew a nature park could be so fascinating? Or at least it would be... if you hadn't had all that coffee to drink this morning.

After waking up, you downed two whole pots of coffee, a whole water bottle, and had a nature smoothie the tour provided for you. You did pee after waking up, so it is not like your bladder has fresh morning urine inside. But all that coffee and water and the smoothie all flowed through your kidneys and is now being stored inside the pee pouch inside your pelvis.

You got your first urge when inside the bus on the way here. But it wasn't bad, so you paid the built up urine no mind. After getting off the bus, the urge increased. But ah? You've had to go worse. But now... oh now... You are full of bursting!

All that pee is inside your urinary bladder causing some issues for you. It feels as if your bladder is cramping. You have taken notice to a small bulge coming off your stomach. You're sweating... a lot. You have to keep a hand inside your crotch, as embarrassing as that is! You can't hold your crotch and squirm! It is so embarrassing! But if you don't, your sphincter will give out and your gold will leak.

Under normal circumstances, you would just go and pee. You don't mind peeing outside. In fact, you quite like it. It is so natural and free! You like to let your stream flow in the wind and water the grass and the flowers. But you know you cannot pee. If you break away from the tour group, surely someone will see you. Even if they don't, you might lose them.

Your only option for the time being is to hold out and hope and pray the tour moves quickly so you can find a place to relive the pressure.

The tour group isn't big. Only a couple of women, and a mom, dad, and kid. There is also you and your best friend since sixth grade. Also the tour guide of course.

You can't leave. But you can't hold on much longer either... umph! You gotta go!

What would YOU do in this situation?

Let me know what you would do in a situation like this and I will make a part two of your suggestions. I will do my best to include any and all suggestions I recive. This is meant to be fun for all of us, so hope you all enjoy!

*003*2022-12-13 00:13

Something to mention for this story, the main character [you] is a genderless character. We are unaware of the main character’s gender. This is so males and females alike can enjoy this story. With that said, there are a couple of quick things to be aware of.

One, the main character’s friend is named Rebecca and Rebecca does identify as female. However, that doesn’t mean anything. Men and women can (and often are) just friends. Story version A is the female version while story version B is for males.

Secondly, there will be parts of the story that break apart for males and females. However, the story will always resume to the same outcome regardless of small details in the story.

Hope you enjoy!

Here is part 2! Remember to comment on what you would do next in this story.

Knowing you won’t last much longer, you took a deep breath and told your best friend that was with you, Rebecca.

“Hey,” you whisper. “Umm… I kind of need to go to the bathroom?”

“Can you hold it?” Rebecca asks you. Rebecca then stars at your bouncing legs and watched you squeeze your crotch. This is as good as an answer for her. “Umm, excuse me!” Rebecca called.

“What are you…?” You feel a wave of embarrassment go over you. You do your very best to hold still while you hide your bright red face in your hand.

“Yes?” The tour guide asks.

“Are there any breaks of this tour?” Rebecca asked.

“Oh, sure. We have a lunch break in twenty minuets.” The guide replied.

“Okay, but like, what about a bathroom break? Just curious.” Rebecca said.

The guide pursed her lips. “No,” she said. “I am afraid there are no bathroom breaks, per say. However, once at the lunch stop, you may urinate into the forest if you like. I even have female urination devices for the ladies'."

“Okay, thank you.” Rebecca said. And the tour moved on. “Can you hold it?” Rebecca whispered to you.

You are still embarrassed and angry at Rebecca for making a scene. You can’t get over the image of everyone’s eyes on you. Well, actually, their eyes were on Rebecca because she was the one talking. But still, they had to have noticed you jiggling a little, right?

“I don’t know,” you admit. “I really have to go.”

“Okay, well just try and hold out for another twenty.” Rebecca says.

“I’ll have to hold out longer than that,” you say,

“Why?” Rebecca asks.

You snap, “I am not peeing outside.”

*This is a part of the story that breaks apart!*

Story version A:

“The guide says she has female urination devices.” Rebecca reminds you. “Looks like we do have a way to pee outside.”

Story Version B:

“You are a dude!” Rebecca snorted. “If anyone can pee outside, it is you!”

*Back to story*

“I don’t care,” you say, grabbing yourself. “I’m not doing it.”

“Fine, burst your bladder.” Rebecca said.

“And here we come up to our first attraction.” The guide said. “Our majestic waterfall.”

You instantly hear the painfully, powerful roar of the falls. You look up in absolute horror to see a gigantic waterfall, several stories high gushing down trillions of gallons of water all at once. You feel your bladder throb. Just looking at the falls hurts.

“This waterfall is the eighth largest on earth.” The guide narrates as dumb tourists snap photos. “This waterfall is seven hundred and thirty-nine meters tall, or for our American friends, that is over twenty-four hundred feet tall!” The tourists exclaimed in delight. “That is right.” The guide grinned. “Twenty-four hundred feet of pouring water. Here in the spring time is when the water flow is at its peak. In other words, the water flow is the most powerful and ferocious this time of year. The water flows from the side down into the grand lake you see before you. Isn’t it just glorious!”

You can tell this dumb tour guide won’t shut up about waterfalls any time soon. And the more you think of them, the closer you get to leaking some urine into your pants.

What would YOU do in this situation?

*006*2022-12-13 04:27

{{2 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Since this is an interactive story it should really be posted in the interactive section.

}}

I am new here! I’m still trying to learn the ropes. Sorry! But hey, now I know for next time! Thanks!

{{2 hours ago, lsn1 said:

Oh yum, what a delicious scenario. It sort of reminds me of something similar that happened to me irl a long time ago.

I can say one thing for sure. I definitely won't be peeing outside. I absolutely despise urinating in public, and I wouldn't even consider it unless I was already peeing my pants full force.

}}

You and my gf would NOT get along Lol! She loves to pee outside. She does it for fun even when her bladder is only partially full. We go hicking together and she says, ‘hang on, gotta pee’ and pees.

*009*2022-12-13 22:18

{{17 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

That's OK, i'm sure if you ask the mods nicely they'll move the story there for you.

}}

Sorry, who are ‘the mods’? Again I’m new!

